Festival: 

On this day, the group will punish a young couple because the boy cheated on a girl to choose another who was in cahoots with the boy. They will be punished. Hikari will be able to observe the scene from afar thanks to the invisible yokai. He will be able to observe bad yokai around Megumi, but they will be vengeful and sad yokai, but Megumi shows no sadness. The couple will then be forced to undress and the girl to suck the boy's cock. The humiliating scene is filmed by Kizuko with a 1997 model camcorder, which you will look for the reference number, a model that fits the models of that era. And then, the boy will be forced to ejaculate in the girl's mouth to prevent them both from being rubbed with an ultra-dangerous and irritating herb, Toxicodendron radicans. Hikari will be able to observe that around Kizako, no invisible evil yokai emanate, only yokai related to the power of nature, those who have seen it around the non-evil yokai, and also yokai of sadness, because Katsuo is sad to embody this personality he invented to define Kizuko's character. As a group of delinquents, their lives are dedicated to being with Megumi. Therefore, Kizako, being part of the gang, cannot move away. However, in the evening, Kizako has to go pee and therefore has to move away from a group to go to the bathroom. In fact, Katsuo wants to walk a little to decompress after this episode of torture, and it is during this sentence that he, against the edge of a barrier, observes the moon in a reflection, and Hikari appears. The water comes from the fountain in the entrance of the establishment. Find the most appropriate spot in a Japanese school where there's a fountain. And in this reflection where Hikari appears, Kizuko is seen as Kizuko, but with Tatsuo's true appearance as a watermark behind Kizuko.
- "You don't really like what you're doing? I mean, with the Vengeresses Girls or whatever."
- "Ha, you know what that gang did tonight? Serving justice! The victim is in great pain, in the hospital."
- "There are other ways you can push someone to suicide."
- "I'm part of Megumi's gang. She's suffering, I'm helping her. She's trying to make the world a better place in her own way. And isn't it me who keeps her from committing suicide? I'm her right-hand man. That's ideology."
- "You know that's not true, you're not really her right-hand man. Why do you help her make people suffer? When we talk in the locker room, you're always nice. You're not like her. Well, I'm just saying that, I'm just wondering to understand. I'm not really asking you the question."
"The people in the group are all different. I told you, it's ideology. Anyway, humanity is shit. You're not part of the shit. You're not made like them, and they rejected you. But your heart isn't dirty because of that. You should avoid asking questions about me or Megumi. We have tender steps, and I'm nice to you because you're not a problem for me." That's all."
- "Oh... okay."
After a few silent moments:
- "Kazuko, I just want to know one thing and then I'll leave you alone."
- "No personal questions."
- "Are you in love with Megumi?"
Tatsuo/Kizuko is surprised.
- "Haha, yeah, that must be it! They say love makes you blind!"
Hikari doesn't notice any invisible Yokai who could indicate that this statement is true. Then Hikari, smiling but displaying hidden satisfaction, stares at the reflection of the real person present, Tasuo, in the moonlight. While Tatsuo, under the identity of Kizuko, is unaware of being admired.

Partnership on the decoration committee because the partnership was chosen by drawing lots but which will be influenced by the kitsune, because Tatsuo still prefers to be paired with Hikari than Megumi. Obviously, Hikari, who says nothing about it, knows that Katsuo influenced the drawing because, in the invisible world of the yokai, she saw the activity of the yokai particles that come when a nature spirit expires power as a byproduct of their will to harmony with nature. And she understood that in what Katsuo let escape from his mind programs the events. She clearly knew how to decipher that Tatsuo injected a rule to bring out the combination that forms the Kazuko-Hikari pair. What she saw, in this invisible world, and what even Katsuo, who is a special being, a yokai, is not even aware of. She knows at least that Katsuo likes her and prefers her to Megumi.

To claude: Do not place the Megumi attitude as jealousy but more fustration if she loose Azuki from any reason. She wants to be perfect to the eyes of Azuki, she wants Azuki at her side

Add Akane caught in cry episode:

Kikari, after the moon's reflection passes and when Kazuko joins Megumi's new group, walks through the school and watches the students dismantle the installations. She notices particular yokai, those who are filled with deep sadness, so deep that they are the invisible yokai she saw around her when, a few years ago, she was mocked in the locker room because of her chimerism. She follows these yokai, who become more and more numerous as she gets closer to the source of these yokai's emissions. She ends up rushing into a room, at the end of a corridor under a staircase that leads to a mini hermitage for the school. There she sees, in the room, clinging to an old service sink, Akane looking at herself and sobbing in the mirror. Then Akane turns, surprised. And her gaze changes into a dark and hateful one. Hikari gets scared and runs away.

To Claude: Katsuo speaking to her mother in telephone cabin.

In the next arc, called 4. Investigation & Revelation, the following things happen, among other things: ever since Hikari ran into Akane in the hermitage, Akane has been avoiding Hikari even out of her eyes.

Just after the mini-arc "Growing Tension with the Revengeful Girls" and just before "Relationship Decision Point," Hikari runs into Akane again alone when it's time to do chores. Akane says to Hikari, once everyone has left the room, "I don't care what you think of me, but you're not like them. So I don't blame you." The invisible yokai around Akane are unhappy. Hikari watches them for a short while before acquiescing to Akane, albeit with a great deal of humility and fear, but also a sense of relief. They very discreetly observe the yokai who populate Akane's surroundings. They are always the same ones, the sad ones, but there are also those we observe when people are determined to do something right. They smile shyly at each other. In this scene, Akane is talking almost body-to-body with Hikari. Akane is shifted to the side; they only briefly look at each other as they smile shyly. After this scene, Hikari feels relieved.

After this, a second, less important plot is interwoven, then a new, important sequence will close this mini-arc:
A sudden, powerful flash accompanied by a violent thunderclap shakes the school. Hikari doesn't even know if the phenomenon comes from the material world or the world of invisible yokai. She looks around, no one is paying attention. She thinks it just comes from the world of invisible yokai and wonders deeply: 
- "What is this? Hasn't he ever seen something like this before? What happened, what's going on in the yokai world?" 
Then, in the distance, the screams of students, the commotion, can be heard. Hikari is as if awakened, astonished. Could something be happening in the material world too? Then a thick rain of yokai falls on the school, a rain of invisible yokai that passes through all objects and agitates the ordinary yokai that populate the surroundings of each person. Hikari gets up to head towards the sounds of commotion in the schoolyard. And guided into the school by a movement of commotion of the students who all want to go and observe what is happening there, she hears the students say: 
- "That's it, it's the fight of the century, Akane against [finds a name of asshole Japanese]!". 
And the intense rain of invisible yokai on the school intensifies, like a storm accompanied by a thick rain. When she follows the crowd, she sees Akane from afar, in full fight with a guy who is part of Megumi's karate club. Akane smashes his face, but the boy, much stronger, blocks it, and shows all the power of the masculine will in accordance with his powerful physique, "eeeeh" says with a time of disappointment Hikari who observes the scene. But suddenly, Akane is taken by an immeasurable rage and discharges of lightning from invisible yokai explode around her, Hikari had never seen a human produce this kind of phenomenon, she explodes her astonishment. Akane, based on physical strength and surrounded by a luminous web of current of blue electric yokai, stands up against the strength and weight of the guy, returns to the guy on the ground and smashes his face while Hikari hears a rumble, like a distant and deep thunderclap, she feels vibrations in her, and lines of light made up of millions of invisible yokai spurts from Akane's body. Not far from there, in the gathered crowd stand some girls from Revengeful Girl and among them Megumi and Hazuko. Hikari, despite the sound and light show produced by Akane, notices on the side a powerful black glow, in the center of the black light she observes Megumi arms in the air singing and laughing under a rain of invisible morbid and hooked yokai, while Azuko observes Megumi with a frightening sociopathic look without being, as Katsuo, affected by the rain of yokai around him, a sort of bubble of emptiness having formed around him and sparing him from the rain, and his Kitsune aura shines. Police officers come out of the recently arrived police cars, quickly they throw themselves on Akane to control her. And while the paramedics rush on the guy on the ground, Akane is handcuffed and taken away in a police car. Hikari: 
- "usso... poor Akane... I'm really so sorry for her, poor thing... but just... just...", 
she looks at Akane struggling in vain against the police officers who are trying to stuff her into the car, and looks with a very unhappy and worried expression at this dancing and singing Megumi who shouts: "I found him Kazuko! I found him! She's the one, she's the one! The one who will make us win the war against the gang of guardian sons of the sun!" Hikari: 
- "what's really going on? I see all this, and yet I don't understand anything at all."
Akane then disappears for about three months before returning to school just before the tests. 

Hikaru and Katsuo love night sequence:

After the revelation on the rooftop, in the fake suicide sequence, Katsuo discovers Hikari's ability to see a world he himself cannot perceive as a yokai. He confesses his feelings for her, telling her that he finds her fascinating. Overall, not only because she possesses this gift, nor because she is unique as a chimera, but also because she is kind, observant, and in tune with her nature. This is what makes her so fascinating to him. She confides in him that she wishes he were her first, that she has always dreamed of meeting someone like him, that he is the first person with whom she can truly be herself, without risking being treated like an anomaly again. 
- "No, Hikari, you're not an anomaly..." 
- "Then accept me, take me, even if it's just for one night. You do that to other girls. I want you to do the same to me, but I'm not like other girls. I want you, kitsune-kun. I want to experience this with you and no one else." 
- "As a Kitsune, Hikari, you know... I've always dreamed of meeting a human like you, who sees me, a Kitsune. And who isn't afraid of me. Someone I can be myself with. Will you come? Are you sure this is what you want?" 
- "I'm afraid I want a little more from you, Tatsuo. I want you to grant my wish, I want you to make me believe that you chose me. I want you to show me the world from your Kitsune's perspective. Tonight, I want to be in your world. I want you to love me in your world, I want to love someone who lives in my world. Make me believe that I exist, Kitsune-kun, because I was born for you." 
After a long pause, as the invisible yokai of love circle around Katsuo, 
- "I must confess, Hikari... that I am very happy that you are giving me so much attention. If you want to come to my home, if you want to come to my world, I invite you to accompany me on this journey where I move like a Kitsune, from rooftop to rooftop. I, as a Kitsune, am capable of such things, and I want to show them to you, Hikari, I want you to see this. Do you feel up to holding onto me? I'll hold you so tightly with my tails that you won't be at risk at all, I promise. However, it's going to be a bit bumpy, so you have to feel really up to it." 
And Hikari, all excited, agrees.

From Rooftop to Rooftop: 

A dreamlike passage where the Kitsune, with Hikari firmly attached to her back, jumps from rooftop to rooftop, on a terrifying and perfectly planned journey. Hikari, initially very frightened, opens her eyes and begins to appreciate what she sees, what she observes. Sharing the kitsune's point of view, she feels like a kitsune herself. In this sequence, the player has no choice but to admire the sequence.

Before love sequence, the tufts of fur:

Arriving at Katsuo's house, she discovers the tufts of fur. During the visit to the kitsune, Hikari sees her tufts of fur in a basket and asks if she can keep them. The kitsune is really embarrassed and, although the housekeeping is done regularly, there may still be dust in her hair. Hikari tells him of her intention to make a beautiful yellow scarf tinted with red-pink, colors that color her fur, and that once transformed into a handkerchief, she will ensure that it is perfectly clean and will keep it as a treasure. The kitsune finally agrees, not without embarrassment, hiding his pride out of modesty. The symbolism of the scarf being strong among his peers, knowing that this incredible girl directly asks him to keep her hair to make a scarf pierces him with emotion. Knowing that Hikari, thanks to her power to see the invisible world of the Yokai, will be able to see a spell emerge anyway, he focuses his will and envelops the scarf in a true protective spell. Kitsune can not only pretend to create amulets, but also do so when their feelings give them the power and the will.

Love sequence:

The love scene takes place while Katsuo, despite his experience honed over the years, is very shy. Hikari is the first to discover herself in his bed. She is very embarrassed to show her body, but she knows that Katsuo loves the signs of her illusion. She feels a gentle warmth spreading within her while Katsuo admires her discreetly, still embarrassed. "I've... already taken a pill." Katsuo says nothing and removes her top garment. Using the Tsuo-human version of its illusion, he approaches Hikari to caress her. 
- "Kitsune-kun, you are a kitsune, a kitsune-kun." 
- "Hikari... I'm... sure I will make you mine tonight. What appearance do you want me to use? I can be the most handsome boy you can imagine, you can ask me to take the appearance of an actor you like, that of an idol-kun, whatever you want. You choose." 
- "You, Katsuo, I choose you!" 
- "Me?" 
- "Yes Kitsune-kun, I want you, I want Katsuo." 
- "You seem so determined. I'm different, you know." 
- "Yes! You're a super cute Kitsune!" 
- "Hehe"
- "I see your illusions. Just like I see you. It's disturbing, I can never see you. Just now, on the roof, I was finally able to see you without illusions. I see your illusions transparently over your image. I no longer want to be embarrassed when I want to look you in the eyes. I will look you in the eyes; I want to see you as you are and with your true appearance."
- "Hikari... I've never done it like this. Being myself... here tonight, it's completely silly, I know, but I feel like it's the first time." 
- "I'm so happy, you know. So excited. Come, Kitsune-kun, show me." 
- "Ho Hikari..." They kiss and share their intimacy, making love. Katsuo melts into Hikari's beauty where he loses himself and comes, letting his Kitsune voice be heard. Hikari experiences an oceanic state where she comes.
After the act, Hikari is happy. Ketsuo is in love and feels a deep peace. Invisible yokai of all colors, predominantly red, explore the room, forming small dancing groups. Hikari watches them, then dives into Katsuo's face, who then looks at Hikari. 
- "I know, Kitsune-kun, I know what you want from me." 
- "I want more of you, I want to know more about you. I just want you to be there... kind of all the time... I feel ready for that." 
- "Really... ?" 
- "Yes... I want you as my companion, Hikari. "
Hikari squeezes herself very hard.
Katsuo continues: - "All that entails, I feel ready. You want me, then you'll be in my life. I'll take you into my life." 
- "I really appreciate it. You're making my dream come true, Kitsune-kun. I'm so happy. So much happy."
As they kiss, the number of invisible yokai suddenly increases, all turning red, they spin in choreography, and streaks of light blue light weave between the yokai's groups.

Chocolate Scene:

On March 14, Hikari makes fox-shaped chocolates. She buys molds and chooses shapes of fox bodies, fox heads; you can even recognize the Firefox logo (even though Firefox is a red panda, unless, Claude, you find a logo for a software program like Firefox that has a fox logo and that would be a better reference).
Managing to find a quiet moment (in the locker room), Hikari gives the chocolates to Kazuko, explaining that they are Giri Choco https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giri_choco.
- "Haaaa yes! Ha, okay then I'll take it with honor, thank you, Hikari^^."
- "You know, they're just giri..."
- "Yes, thank you! I appreciate it! I'll just hide them in my bag. I don't really want anyone to know, you know. But uh... it means a lot to me."
Hikari is delighted.
Later, after school, she follows Kizuko from afar. Once separated from Megumi's group, she settles down in the park next to the school. Hikari asks the yokai to conceal their noises, if possible, if they would grant her this privilege. This way, she can observe Katsuo (Azuko's appearance) more closely as he discovers the shape of chocolates. The yokai living around him are amused and ironic. And shortly afterward, Kizuko bursts out laughing:
- "That girl is amazing! I love her! She's crazy!"

In Akane Avoidance Period:
   
The player can make a choice that will directly lead to her death. If he decides that Hikari tries to talk to Akane in the hallway, Akane suddenly throws herself at Hikari and delivers powerful blows, one of her blows pierces the wall, she delivers a knee strike so powerful that Hikari is knocked down. Akane smashes her face in and Hikari dies that same day in the hospital.

This is the actual story tree:

FOX SPIRIT ROMANCE: HIERARCHICAL NARRATIVE STRUCTURE

1. PROLOGUE: SUMMER ENCOUNTER [July-August 1997]
   ├── Museum Direction-Giving
   │   ├── Notice Katsuo's true form immediately
   │   │   ├── Pretend not to notice → Trust +1
   │   │   └── Show subtle recognition → Trust -1
   │   │
   │   └── Offer to guide him to the museum
   │       ├── Ask about his interest in yokai → Suspicion
   │       └── Keep conversation casual → Trust +1
   │
   └── Summer Search
       ├── Research kitsune folklore intensively
       │   ├── Learn about weaknesses (water, dogs) → Knowledge +1
       │   └── Study historical yokai-human relationships → Understanding +1
       │
       ├── Visit museum regularly → Meet caretaker
       │   ├── Ask about new "employee" → Suspicion from caretaker
       │   └── Show interest in artifacts → Glimpse Katsuo in fox form
       │
       └── Try to forget the encounter → Recurring dreams → Trust -1

2. SCHOOL YEAR BEGINS: RECOGNITION [September 1997]
   ├── First Day Sequence
   │   ├── Recognize Katsuo despite girl disguise
   │   │   ├── Stare in shock → Suspicion +1
   │   │   ├── Pretend not to notice → Trust +1
   │   │   └── Notice waka poetry speech → Cultural +1
   │   │
   │   └── Observe "Kazuko" in the Revengeful Girls
   │       ├── Everyone seems knowing Kazuko since years, Kazuko form of complicity with Megumi
   │       └── Akane's warning about green-glasses girl
   │
   ├── Revengeful Girls Introduction
   │   ├── Hallway Incident Observation
   │   │   ├── Witness punishment scene → Justice perspective
   │   │   ├── Note Megumi's leadership style → Authority assessment
   │   │   └── Observe Kazuko's advisory role → Strategic insight
   │   │
   │   ├── Response Options
   │   │   ├── Show disapproval → Moral stance +1, Danger +1
   │   │   ├── Remain neutral observer → Information +1
   │   │   └── Express subtle approval → Infiltration potential +1
   │   │
   │   └── Gang Structure Analysis
   │       ├── Hierarchy identification → Social intelligence
   │       ├── Territory recognition → Spatial awareness
   │       └── Rule system understanding → System knowledge
   │   
   ├── Classroom Dynamics
   │   ├── Interaction with "Kazuko"
   │   │   ├── Laboratory partnership → Proximity test
   │   │   └── Casual conversation → False identity maintenance
   │   │
   │   ├── Observation of Akane
   │   │   ├── Hikari interior monologue adressed to the player about Akane
   │   │   ├── Notice yokai of loneliness surrounding her
   │   │   └── Subtle recognition of hidden power within her
   │   │
   │   └── Dealing with Megumi's group
   │       ├── Keep distance → Safety but isolation
   │       └── Careful observation → Learn group dynamics
   │
   └── Stalker arc
       ├── Initial Discovery Phase
       │   ├── Accidental glimpse of male Katsuo
       │   │   ├── From school window → Brief observation only
       │   │   └── In downtown area → Follow immediately → Lose trail
       │   │
       │   ├── Overhear conversation about "that guy"
       │   │   ├── Between Megumi and lieutenant → Jealousy trigger
       │   │   └── Between regular students → Mysterious reputation
       │   │
       │   └── Perceive yokai trail from Kazuko
       │       ├── Notice distinctive aura pattern → Connection realization
       │       └── Follow trail partially → Lose at crossroads
       │
       ├── Surveillance Planning
       │   ├── Recruit yokai invisibles
       │   │   ├── Dust yokai → Offer candy as payment
       │   │   ├── Shadow yokai → Agree to carry message
       │   │   └── Wind yokai → Promise to visit shrine
       │   │
       │   ├── Establish surveillance points
       │   │   ├── Near school exit → Limited information
       │   │   ├── Downtown junction → Pattern recognition
       │   │   └── Near suspected residence → High risk of detection
       │   │
       │   └── Develop disguise strategy
       │       ├── Different uniform → Limited effectiveness
       │       └── Casual clothes → Moderate concealment
       │
       ├── Active Stalking Phase
       │   ├── Weekday pursuit
       │   │   ├── After school → Observe museum visits
       │   │   │   └── Interaction with curator → Knowledge gathering
       │   │   └── Early evening → Observe meeting with contacts
       │   │       ├── Business people → Information exchange
       │   │       └── Older woman → Possible yokai connection
       │   │
       │   ├── Weekend pursuit
       │   │   ├── Morning activities → Shopping for unusual items
       │   │   │   └── Ancient bookstore → Obscure texts
       │   │   └── Evening activities → Entertainment district
       │   │       ├── Multiple bars → Information gathering
       │   │       └── Heading toward love hotel district → Critical discovery
       │   │       
       │   └── Yokai invisibles reports
       │       ├── Confirm multiple identities → Triple form verification
       │       ├── Rapport speaking at the telephone cabin → Wider network
       │       └── Warning about dangerous aura spikes → Feeding activity
       │       
       ├── Love Hotel Discovery
       │   ├── Observation approach
       │   │   ├── Watch from distance → Limited information
       │   │   │   ├── See entering with woman → Relationship assumption
       │   │   │   └── Wait for exit → Extended disappearance
       │   │   └── Close surveillance → Detailed information
       │   │       ├── Recognize woman as previous victim → Pattern recognition
       │   │       └── Detect memory manipulation aura → Predatory behavior
       │   │
       │   ├── Infiltration approach
       │   │   ├── Follow inside → High risk
       │   │   │   ├── Lobby surveillance → Staff suspicion
       │   │   │   └── Corridor eavesdropping → Partial conversation
       │   │   └── Room adjacent booking → Maximum information
       │   │       └── Hear conversation → Memory extraction purpose
       │   │
       │   └── Yokai invisibles assistance
       │       ├── Send dust yokai under door → Visual report
       │       │   └── Witness memory extraction → Confirm predation
       │       └── Shadow yokai surveillance → Energy pattern report
       │           ├── Detect regular feeding pattern → Serial predation
       │           └── Recognize specific targeting → Victim selection criteria
       │       
       └── Response Decision
           ├── Confrontation path
           │   ├── Immediate confrontation → High danger
           │   │   ├── At love hotel → Public scene → Memory manipulation risk
           │   │   └── Follow to private location → Physical danger → Bad ending risk
           │   └── Planned confrontation → Strategic approach
           │       ├── Gather evidence first → Strengthen position
           │       └── Prepare protective measures → Consult yokai invisibles
           │
           ├── Observation continuation
           │   ├── Document pattern → Build complete understanding
           │   │   ├── Identify victim selection criteria → Protective intervention possibility
           │   │   └── Map feeding schedule → Predict next activity
           │   └── Research yokai type → Knowledge as protection
           │       ├── Visit museum curator → Subtle questioning
           │       └── Consult yokai invisibles lore → Kitsune weaknesses
           │
           └── Emotional processing
               ├── Jealousy response → Relationship questioning
               │   ├── Focus on romantic betrayal → Miss predatory nature → Vulnerability increase
               │   └── Interpret as necessary feeding → Rationalization → Ethical compromise
               └── Fear response → Self-protective focus
                   ├── Distance from Katsuo/Kazuko → Safety but isolation → Branch to bad ending
                   └── Cautious continued engagement → Strategic information gathering → Branch to revelation arc

3. DEEPENING CONNECTION: SCHOOL LIFE [October-November 1997]
   ├── Swimming Class Incident
   │   ├── Katsuo's water discomfort
   │   │   ├── Help create distraction → Gratitude +2
   │   │   └── Observe without intervening → Study weakness
   │   │
   │   └── Locker room encounter
   │       ├── Chimera patterns revealed → Vulnerability
   │       │   ├── Katsuo sees marks → Shared secret
   │       │   └── Mutual recognition of difference → Connection +2
   │       │
   │       ├── Conversation about being different
   │       │   ├── Share childhood bullying → Emotional bond
   │       │   └── Remain guarded → Trust -1
   │       │
   │       ├── Share bento (special food for kitsune) → Affection +1
   │       └── Personal revelations → Hikari's absent mother
   │
   ├── Akane Relationship Development (before cultural day)
   │   ├── Kendo tournament observation
   │   │   └── Witness Akane's strength → Admiration
   │   │
   │   └── Brief hallway interaction
   │       ├── Akane acknowledges Hikari → Recognition
   │       └── Sense ancient power within Akane → Mystery deepens
   │
   ├── Committee Formation SCHOOL FESTIVAL PREPARATION [Culture Day - November 3]
   │   ├── Leadership announcement
   │   │   ├── Megumi revealed as class representative again → Authority position
   │   │   └── "Revengeful Girls" assigned tacitely security → Control establishment
   │   │
   │   ├── Working with Kazuko
   │   │   ├── Traditional theme development
   │   │   │   ├── Yokai folklore suggestion → Subtle tension in Kazuko, but Hikari in extasis
   │   │   │   └── Classical literature compromise → Shared interest discovered
   │   │   └── Proximity dynamics
   │   │       ├── Partnership determined by "random" drawing
   │   │       │   ├── Kitsune manipulation detected → Yokai particles observed by Hikari
   │   │       │   ├── Intentional pairing revealed → Katsuo's preference for Hikari confirmed
   │   │       │   └── Hidden understanding → Hikari recognizes manipulation through yokai particles that Katsuo himself doesn't perceive
   │   │       └── Megumi's territorial response
   │   │           ├── Direct warning → "Hey, Hikari, be careful she doesn't eat you. They say Kazuko is a real psychofreak. She'll eat you once we see the moon, watch out, my bunny."
   │   │           ├── Hikari's nervous reply → "Haa yes... okay, I... anyway, you won't be far away, you'll watch over me, won't you!?"
   │   │           ├── Megumi's possessive assurance → "Of course, that's why we're here. Isn't that right, my dear Kazuko?"
   │   │           └── Kazuko's ambiguous response → "Hehehe, don't worry, I won't take advantage of fate too much!"
   │   └── Authority demonstration
   │       ├── Teacher deference to Megumi → Fear-based respect
   │       ├── Resource allocation control → Power display
   │       └── Kazuko as mediator → Perfect lieutenant performance
   ├── Rehearsal Period
   │   ├── Practice Sessions
   │   │   ├── Hikari's gymnastics rehearsal
   │   │   │   ├── Rhythmic ribbon technique struggles → Coordination challenges
   │   │   │   └── Improvement through persistence → Confidence building
   │   │   ├── Martial arts practice observation
   │   │   │   ├── Kazuko's flawless kata → Inhuman precision
   │   │   │   └── Megumi's powerful strikes → Intimidation display
   │   │   └── Akane's solitary kendo practice
   │   │       ├── Masterful cutting technique → Authentic discipline
   │   │       └── Respectful traditional forms → Contrast to gang's aggression
   │   ├── Gang Surveillance Activities
   │   │   ├── "Revengeful Girls" patrolling corridors → Territory marking
   │   │   ├── Information gathering about relationships → Target identification
   │   │   └── Megumi's constant monitoring of Kazuko → Possessive behavior
   │   └── Evening Conflict
   │       ├── Staying late with Kazuko → Rare private time
   │       ├── Megumi's sudden appearance → Tension spike
   │       │   ├── "Need you for special assignment" → Separation tactic
   │       │   └── Uncomfortable exchange of glances → Hikari's suspicion
   │       └── Forced separation → Unfinished conversation
   ├── Punishment Incident [Hidden Area Behind Gymnasium]
   │   ├── Yokai-Assisted Observation
   │   │   ├── Dust yokai alert Hikari → Unusual gathering detected
   │   │   ├── Shadow yokai create viewing path → Concealment assistance
   │   │   └── Wind yokai carry sounds → Eavesdropping enablement
   │   ├── Target Couple Confrontation
   │   │   ├── Gang surrounding frightened students → Power imbalance
   │   │   │   ├── Boy accused of cheating → Relationship betrayal
   │   │   │   └── Girl accused of complicity → Targeted as accomplice
   │   │   ├── Megumi's judgment announcement → Mock trial atmosphere
   │   │   │   ├── Victim's suffering detailed → Hospital admission referenced
   │   │   │   └── "Justice must be witnessed" declaration → Public humiliation intent
   │   │   └── Resistance attempt → Quickly suppressed
   │   │       ├── Boy's defiance → Physical restraint applied
   │   │       └── Girl's pleading → Emotional manipulation
   │   ├── Forced Sexual Humiliation
   │   │   ├── Clothing removal compelled → Public degradation
   │   │   ├── Sexual act forced → Power demonstration
   │   │   │   ├── Toxicodendron radicans threat → Poison ivy coercion
   │   │   │   └── Compliance through fear → Complete domination
   │   │   └── Kazuko filming with Sony CCD-TRV67 → Evidence creation
   │   │       ├── Professional camera operation → Detached execution
   │   │       └── Private facial expression → Hidden disgust
   │   └── Yokai Manifestation Observation
   │       ├── Around Megumi → Dense dark emanations
   │       │   ├── Vengeful yokai spiraling → Trauma-born entities
   │       │   └── Sorrow yokai clinging → Hidden pain indicators
   │       ├── Around gang members → Varied negative manifestations
   │       └── Around Kazuko → Different energy signature
   │           ├── Nature yokai presence → Connection to natural world
   │           └── Sadness yokai concentration → Internal conflict indicator
   ├── Performance Day
   │   ├── Morning Preparations
   │   │   ├── Final arrangements
   │   │   │   ├── Kazuko helping Hikari with costume → Proximity moment
   │   │   │   └── Megumi's watchful observation → Jealousy building
   │   │   ├── Opening ceremony
   │   │   │   ├── Megumi's authoritative speech → Class representative role
   │   │   │   └── Kazuko's perfect supporting presence → Lieutenant positioning
   │   │   └── Security arrangements
   │   │       ├── "Revengeful Girls" stationed at key points → Control display
   │   │       └── Intimidating presence affecting crowd → Subdued atmosphere
   │   ├── Performance Sequence
   │   │   ├── Martial arts demonstrations
   │   │   │   ├── Kazuko's karate exhibition
   │   │   │   │   ├── Flawless technical execution → Beyond human precision
   │   │   │   │   └── Perfect control demonstration → Supernatural hint
   │   │   │   ├── Megumi's aggressive showcase
   │   │   │   │   ├── Raw power emphasis → Intimidation focus
   │   │   │   │   └── Destructive technique display → Breaking demonstration
   │   │   │   └── Performance contrast
   │   │   │       ├── Kazuko's precise control vs. Megumi's destructive power
   │   │   │       └── Audience reaction difference → Admiration vs. fear
   │   │   ├── Hikari's gymnastics performance
   │   │   │   ├── Rhythmic ribbon routine → Graceful execution
   │   │   │   │   ├── Successful performance → Confidence milestone
   │   │   │   │   └── Artistic expression → Emotional connection
   │   │   │   └── Audience observations
   │   │   │       ├── Kazuko watching intently → Genuine admiration
   │   │   │       └── Megumi monitoring Kazuko's reaction → Jealousy indicators
   │   │   └── Akane's kendo demonstration
   │   │       ├── Precision cutting showcase
   │   │       │   ├── Swift, clean strike technique → Technical mastery
   │   │       │   └── Traditional kata execution → Cultural authenticity
   │   │       ├── Exhibition match
   │   │       │   ├── Dominant performance → Skill superiority
   │   │       │   └── Respectful victory → Character depth
   │   │       └── Hikari's admiration
   │   │           ├── Genuine respect for authentic skill → Friendship foundation
   │   │           └── Comparing Akane's earned mastery vs. Kazuko's unnatural perfection
   │   └── Evening Activities
   │       ├── Festival closing events
   │       │   ├── Ceremonial conclusion → Traditional elements
   │       │   └── Committee recognition → Public acknowledgments
   │       ├── Gang celebration gathering
   │       │   ├── Private party atmosphere → Exclusive inner circle
   │       │   └── Megumi's possessive behavior → Keeping Kazuko close
   │       └── Punishment video review
   │           ├── Gang members watching footage → Reinforcing power
   │           └── Kazuko's subtle discomfort → Hidden reluctance
   ├── Reflection Pool Encounter
   │   ├── Setting elements
   │   │   ├── School entrance chōzu-bachi (water basin) → Traditional feature
   │   │   ├── Moonlight illumination → Mystical atmosphere
   │   │   └── Private location → Rare moment without surveillance
   │   ├── Kazuko's temporary escape
   │   │   ├── Bathroom excuse to leave gang → Brief freedom
   │   │   └── Moment of reflection → Decompression after trauma
   │   ├── Reflection revelation
   │   │   ├── Katsuo's true form visible in water → Moonlight magic effect
   │   │   │   ├── Male silhouette behind female image → Dual identity visible
   │   │   │   └── Hikari's unique perception → Connection to supernatural
   │   │   └── Hikari's arrival and observation → Quiet approach
   │   └── Critical conversation
   │       ├── Initial confrontation
   │       │   ├── Hikari's direct question → "You don't really like what you're doing? I mean, with the Vengeresses Girls or whatever."
   │       │   └── Kazuko's defensive response → "Ha, you know what that gang did tonight? Serving justice! The victim is in great pain, in the hospital."
   │       ├── Ideology exchange
   │       │   ├── Hikari's challenge → "There are other ways you can push someone to suicide."
   │       │   ├── Kazuko's justification → "I'm part of Megumi's gang. She's suffering, I'm helping her. She's trying to make the world a better place in her own way. And isn't it me who keeps her from committing suicide? I'm her right-hand man. That's ideology."
   │       │   ├── Hikari's insight → "You know that's not true, you're not really her right-hand man. Why do you help her make people suffer? When we talk in the locker room, you're always nice. You're not like her. Well, I'm just saying that, I'm just wondering to understand. I'm not really asking you the question."
   │       │   └── Kazuko's philosophy → "The people in the group are all different. I told you, it's ideology. Anyway, humanity is shit. You're not part of the shit. You're not made like them, and they rejected you. But your heart isn't dirty because of that. You should avoid asking questions about me or Megumi. We have tender steps, and I'm nice to you because you're not a problem for me. That's all."
   │       ├── Love question climax
   │       │   ├── Hikari's final question → "Kazuko, I just want to know one thing and then I'll leave you alone."
   │       │   ├── Kazuko's boundary → "No personal questions."
   │       │   ├── Hikari's direct inquiry → "Are you in love with Megumi?"
   │       │   └── Surprised deflection → "Haha, yeah, that must be it! They say love makes you blind!"
   │       │
   │       └── Unspoken revelation
   │           ├── No love yokai detected → Truth confirmation through supernatural perception
   │           └── Hikari's hidden satisfaction → Knowledge advantage gained
   │
   └── Akane's Secret Breakdown
       ├── Festival aftermath walkthrough
       │   ├── Students dismantling installations → Post-celebration melancholy
       │   └── Yokai observation → Familiar deep sadness patterns detected
       │
       ├── Tracking sad yokai trail
       │   ├── Increasing concentration → Following emotional beacon
       │   ├── Recognition of specific yokai type → Same as Hikari's past bullying experience
       │   └── Path leading to hidden room → Under staircase hermitage
       │
       ├── Akane's vulnerability discovered
       │   ├── Powerful emotional scene → Akane sobbing at service sink
       │   ├── Self-reflection moment → Mirror symbolism
       │   └── Hidden pain revealed → Contrast to public strength
       │
       └── Confrontation aftermath
           ├── Akane's discovery of witness → Surprise turning to rage
           ├── Transformation of vulnerability to hatred → Defensive mechanism
           └── Hikari's fearful retreat → Relationship fracture point

5. INVESTIGATION & REVELATION [December 1997]
   ├── Spying on Katsuo's Activities
   │   ├── Telephone at public cabin
   │   │   │   ├── Observe Katsuo speaking at the telephone in a public telephone cabin → Intelligence gathering
   │   │   └── Witness love hotel encounters → Complex feelings
   │   └── Follow "Kazuko" after school
   │       ├── Observe interaction with Megumi → Power dynamics
   │       └── Glimpse transformation moment → Near discovery
   │
   ├── Winter Break Encounters [December 25-January]
   │   ├── Museum visit during holidays
   │   │   ├── "Accidental" meeting → Katsuo's suspicion
   │   │   └── Learn about specific artifact → Mystery clue
   │   └── New Year's shrine visit [January 1]
   │       ├── Spot Katsuo in human form → Follow
   │       └── Observe unusual yokai activity → Seasonal power surge
   │
   ├── Akane Avoidance Period
   │   ├── Post-breakdown tension
   │   │   ├── Akane actively avoiding Hikari → Eye contact evasion
   │   │   └── Sadness yokai cloud following Akane → Emotional residue
   │   ├── Failed conversation attempts
   │   │   ├── Hallway approach blocked → Physical avoidance -------------------
   │   │   └── Class project pairing rejected → Social barrier
   │   │
   │   └── Distance observation
   │       ├── Akane's increasing isolation → Social withdrawal
   │       └── Shifting yokai patterns → Sadness to determination transition
   │
   ├── Growing Tensions with Revengeful Girls
   │   ├── Megumi's fear of losing Kazuko
   │   │   ├── Increased monitoring → Constant surveillance
   │   │   ├── Strategic isolation attempts → Separating Kazuko from others
   │   │   └── Performance of perfection → Desperate approval seeking
   │   │
   │   └── "Kazuko's" protective intervention
   │       ├── Secret defense of Hikari → Trust +2
   │       └── Public defense → Gang conflict → Trust +1, Danger +2
   │
   ├── New Year Shrine Visit [January 1]
   │   ├── Traditional observance
   │   │   ├── Ritual participation → Cultural integration
   │   │   ├── Prayer content → Personal expression   
   │   │   └── Offering presentation → Symbolic action
   │   │
   │   ├── Katsuo spotting
   │   │   ├── Form identification → Identity verification
   │   │   ├── Distance assessment → Approach planning
   │   │   └── Following decision → Surveillance initiation
   │   │
   │   └── Yokai gathering observation
   │       ├── Perception challenge → Ability testing
   │       ├── Entity identification → Knowledge application
   │       └── Significance interpretation → Meaning derivation
   │  
   ├── Akane Reconciliation Scene
   │   ├── Chores duty encounter
   │   │   ├── Empty classroom setting → Rare private opportunity
   │   │   └── Trapped together → Forced interaction
   │   │
   │   ├── Critical conversation
   │   │   ├── Akane's acknowledgment → "I don't care what you think of me, but you're not like them. So I don't blame you."
   │   │   ├── Yokai observation → Mixture of unhappiness and determination
   │   │   └── Silent understanding → Mutual recognition of outsider status
   │   │
   │   └── Emotional resolution
   │       ├── Proximity tension → Bodies close, eyes averted
   │       ├── Shy smile exchange → Subtle connection formed
   │       └── Hikari's relief → Emotional burden lifted
   │
   ├── The Violent Confrontation
   │   ├── Supernatural phenomenon onset
   │   │   ├── Powerful flash and thunderclap → Material/yokai world overlap
   │   │   ├── Hikari's confusion → Questioning perception boundaries
   │   │   └── Thick rain of yokai → Environmental disturbance
   │   │
   │   ├── School yard conflict
   │   │   ├── Student commotion → "Fight of the century"
   │   │   ├── Akane versus karate club member → Physical power imbalance
   │   │   └── Initial struggle → Male physical advantage
   │   │
   │   ├── Supernatural manifestation
   │   │   ├── Akane's rage unleashed → Unprecedented energy surge
   │   │   ├── Lightning discharges of blue electric yokai → Visible to Hikari only
   │   │   ├── Deep thunderous vibrations → Physical manifestation of spiritual power
   │   │   └── Light streams of millions of yokai → Akane's hidden potential revealed
   │   │
   │   └── Audience reactions
   │       ├── Revengeful Girls observation → Strategic interest
   │       ├── Megumi's celebration → Black glow surrounded by morbid yokai
   │       ├── Kazuko's sociopathic observation → Yokai-free bubble surrounding
   │       └── Hikari's shocked recognition → "What's really going on?"
   │
   ├── Akane's Arrest and Disappearance
   │   ├── Authority intervention
   │   │   ├── Police arrival → Forceful restraint
   │   │   ├── Paramedics treating opponent → Severity acknowledgment
   │   │   └── Akane's resistance → Futile struggle
   │   │
   │   ├── Megumi's ominous celebration
   │   │   ├── Disturbing dance and laughter → "I found her, Kazuko!"
   │   │   ├── "War against guardian sons of the sun" reference → Larger conspiracy hint
   │   │   └── Kazuko's controlled observation → Hidden agenda suggestion
   │   │
   │   └── Three-month absence
   │       ├── Rumors circulating → Various speculations
   │       ├── Megumi's increased confidence → Power shift
   │       └── Hikari's growing concern → Connection solidified
   │
   └── Relationship Decision Point
       ├── Pursue human form relationship
       │   ├── Arrange "coincidental" meeting → Difficult path
       │   └── Love confession to human form → Rejection/confusion
       │
       ├── Pursue "Kazuko" friendship
       │   ├── Deepen school connection → Complex emotions
       │   └── Hint at knowing true identity → Risk exposure
       │
       └── Pursue true kitsune form meeting
           ├── Research methods to reveal kitsune → Knowledge
           └── Plan fake suicide strategy, influenced by Akane's courage → High risk/reward

6. CHOCOLAT [March 1997]   
   ├── New year [January 1997] 

   ├── Akane absence
   │   └── Three-month absence
   │       ├── Rumors circulating → Various speculations
   │       ├── Megumi's increased confidence → Power shift
   │       └── Hikari's growing concern → Connection solidified
   
   ├── CHOCOLAT [March 1997] On March 14, Hikari makes fox-shaped chocolates. She buys molds and chooses shapes of fox bodies, fox heads; you can even recognize the Firefox logo (To claude: you'll find a logo for a software program like Firefox that has a fox logo and that would be a better reference).
Managing to find a quiet moment (in the locker room), Hikari gives the chocolates to Kazuko, explaining that they are Giri Choco https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giri_choco.
- "Haaaa yes! Ha, okay then I'll take it with honor, thank you, Hikari^^."
- "You know, they're just giri..."
- "Yes, thank you! I appreciate it! I'll just hide them in my bag. I don't really want anyone to know, you know. But uh... it means a lot to me."
Hikari is delighted.
Later, after school, she follows Kizuko from afar. Once separated from Megumi's group, she settles down in the park next to the school. Hikari asks the yokai to conceal their noises, if possible, if they would grant her this privilege. This way, she can observe Katsuo (Azuko's appearance) more closely as he discovers the shape of chocolates. The yokai living around him are amused and ironic. And shortly afterward, Kizuko bursts out laughing:
"That girl is amazing! I love her! She's crazy!"


6. CRISIS POINT: THE REVELATION [April 1997]
   ├── Akane will be back to school after the depart of Hikari in the Perfect Ending, so Hikari will not see Akane anymore in the game's timelaps of this story.
   ├── Fake Suicide Preparation
   │   └── Location scouting
   │       ├── School rooftop → Accessible but risky
   │       └── Abandoned building → Private but dangerous
   │
   ├── Night of Decision
   │   ├── Leading Katsuo through city streets
   │   │   ├── Notice transformation disguises → Lamppost, trash can
   │   │   └── Confirm being followed → Point of no return
   │   │
   │   └── Rooftop confrontation
   │       ├── Emotional revelation before jump → Connection
   │       └── Silent jump → Pure shock value
   │
   ├── The Fall
   │   └── Katsuo reveals true form to save Hikari
   │       ├── Admit trick immediately → Anger but respect
   │       │   ├── Confession of feelings → Emotional confrontation
   │       │   └── Explanation of ability to see yokai → Information exchange
   │       ├── Feign surprise at rescue → Suspicion and distrust
   │       │   ├── Gradual revelation of knowledge → Trust -1
   │       │   └── Continue deception → Bad ending path
   │       └── Walk home sequence
   │           └── Route selection
   │               ├── Scenic path → Extended time together
   │               ├── Efficient route → Practical approach
   │               └── Spontaneous wandering → Adventurous spirit
   │
   ├── The run above the toproofs
   │   
   └── Katsuo's appartement
       └── Fur Scarf Creation
           ├── Request significance
           │   ├── Cultural meaning → Traditional context
           │   ├── Intimate symbolism → Relationship token
           │   └── Practical function → Chimera concealment
           │
           ├── Creation process
           │   ├── Fur donation → Physical giving
           │   ├── Energy infusion → Power embedding
           │   └── Crafting collaboration → Shared creation
           │
           └── Final product
               ├── Protection properties → Safety function
               ├── Connection symbol → Relationship representation
               └── Katsuo essence → Presence substitute

7. AFTERMATH & RESOLUTION
   Bad Ending Paths (70%)
   ├── Before finding out Katsuo has relations with human girls
   │   ├── Hikari reveals to Katsuo that she knows he's a kitsune → Katsuo ignores it, not taking it seriously
   │   │   ├── Hikari doesn't insist → Katsuo quickly loses interest in her; Hikari continuing normal → Spiritual Development
   │   │   ├── Hikari insists → Katsuo loses interest; player can choose daily activities
   │   │   │   ├── Go to school → Nothing happens, Kazuko doesn't appear at the pool; return to activity choice
   │   │   │   ├── Go to school again (2 more times) → Nothing happens, Katsuo quits the city → Spiritual Development
   │   │   │   └── Go to museum → Katsuo appears in male form and shows sexual interest
   │   │   │       ├── Accept his advances → They have protected intercourse; Katsuo never speaks to Hikari again ("consumed girl"); Hikari later commits suicide; game ends
   │   │   │       └── Reject his advances → Katsuo loses interest; Hikari later commits suicide; game ends
   │   │   └── Hikari takes tuft of his tail hair as proof → Katsuo casts memory erasure spell; mission canceled; Hikari becomes mentally unstable, hospitalized, dies; game ends
   ├── After discovering Katsuo has relations with human girls
   │   ├── Hikari wants to know more about him/her
   │   │   ├── Path of Hikari's fantasy → Hikari reveals fox fascination; shows chimera skin and breasts; performs oral sex on Kazuko; Katsuo becomes emotional, casts flash spell; erases Hikari's memory; she later becomes mentally unstable, hospitalized, dies; game ends
   │   │   └── Normal path → [Continuation to other branches]
   └── Other path → Research/Observation/Passive/Confrontation
       ├── Research Path: Hikari searches for information about yokai
       │   ├── Library Research → Discovers dangerous summoning ritual → Attempts ritual
       │   │   ├── Success: Summons minor yokai that harms her → Hospitalization → Death; game ends
       │   │   └── Failure: Ritual backfires → Mental breakdown → Hospitalization → Death; game ends
       ├── Observation Path: Hikari secretly follows Katsuo to gather evidence
       │   ├── Successful Stalking → Witnesses telephone conversation with mother in public cabin
       │   │   ├── Approach to eavesdrop → Katsuo senses her → Confrontation → Memory erasure (fatal); game ends
       │   │   └── Only observes → Eventually discovered → Memory erasure (non-fatal but traumatic); game ends
       ├── Passive Path: Hikari tries to ignore her perception abilities
       │   ├── Suppressed Abilities → More surrounded with invisible yokai particles
       │   │   ├── At School → Public incident (cannot endure more) → Hospitalization; game ends
       │   │   └── When Alone → Self-harm → Hospitalization; game ends
       └── Megumi Confrontation: Hikari confronts Megumi about gang when Kizuko present (pre-chimera conversation)
           └── Accusation → Megumi defense mechanism → Gang violence
               ├── Physical attack → Hospitalization; game ends
               └── Psychological intimidation → Hikari isolated → Suicide; game ends
── Good End Paths (28%)
   ├── Hikary tell Kazuko that she can see things that no one else can
   │   ├── Katsuo attempts mind-altering spell → Kills Hikari; game ends
   │   └── Katsuo discreetly casts spell
   │       ├── Spell succeeds → Katsuo abandons mission; outcome depends on relationship score
   │       │   ├── Lower score (90% chance) → As Kazuko, meets unrecognizing Megumi; seduces her to "cure" her; Hikari and others forget Kazuko; game ends
   │       │   └── Very low score (10% chance) → Takes male form; rapes Megumi; reveals kitsune form; long detailed sequence; abandons her at dump; game ends
   │       │       ├── If Hikari previously confronted Megumi → Invisible yokai restore Hikari's memory; she witnesses scene; commits suicide; Megumi later becomes powerful yakuza wife, causes suffering
   │       │       └── If Hikari never confronted Megumi → Nobody remembers Katsuo/Kazuko; Megumi becomes powerful yakuza wife, causes suffering; game ends
   │       └── Spell fails
   │           ├── Hikari discovers Katsuo has relations with human girls → Similar to Path of Fantasy v2; Hikari reveals awareness of his true nature; sexual encounter; Katsuo casts memory spell; she becomes mentally unstable, hospitalized, dies; game ends
   │           └── Hikari doesn't discover his relations → Gives opportunity for spell by confronting boy with girl at love hotel
   │               ├── Directly ask boy to choose her → Fails; Katsuo loses interest; game ends
   │               └── Tell girl she's his girlfriend and kiss him → Succeeds; they have intercourse (male human form)
   │                   ├── Hikari removes protection → Next day memory erased; Katsuo must erase Kazuko's existence; encounters Megumi; elaborate rape sequence; abandons her; game ends
   │                   │   ├── If Hikari previously confronted Megumi → Invisible yokai restore Hikari's memory; witnesses scene; commits suicide; Megumi later causes suffering; game ends
   │                   │   └── If Hikari never confronted Megumi → Nobody remembers; Megumi later causes suffering; game ends
   │                   └── Hikari keeps protection → Spell fails; Katsuo tries different spell; kills Hikari; Katsuo erases Kazuko's existence; game ends
   └── Spiritual Development: Hikari develops perception abilities independently. 
       ├── Meditation Practice → Enhanced abilities → Becomes local shrine maiden; game ends
       └── Continues normal life → Follow some denses manifestations of dead-type yokai invisibles that accumulates around an mysterious albino girl aside a KAWASAKI VOYAGER XII → Dead yokai particule surrounded here in the street way → die from a car contact; game ends
   │
   └── Path to the Perfect Ending (2%)
       ├── Requirements: Max trust, affection, key choices
       └── Katsuo's Apartment
           └── First intimacy → True forms accepted
               └── Future plans → Navigating two worlds
       │           ├── Secret mission partially revealed → Hikari's role as bridge
       │           ├── Complete acceptance of each other's nature
       │           └── Discovery of Hikari's special connection to yokai world
                       └── Realization Arc → Access Opened, (Gives access to the Perfect ending (2%)

8. REALIZATION [April 1997]
						        └── Realization Arc (April-May 1997, Gives access to the Realization Arc)
						            ├── Pre-Hot Springs Phase
						            │   ├── Visit to Hikari's Father: Katsuo encounters Hikari's father as a new worker → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Convince Hikari to speak with her father → Improved family relations, higher final score bonus (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   └── Maintain distance from father → Proceed without family resolution, lower final score (Caution path +1)
						            │   ├── Departure Discussion: Hikari and Katsuo discuss leaving together → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Express concerns about human-yokai lifespan differences → Katsuo promises to find solution (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   └── Focus on immediate happiness → Temporary score boost, future complications (Caution path +1)
						            │   └── Travel Preparation: Hikari prepares to leave → Player choice
						            │       ├── Tell friends/school about "transferring" → Cleaner departure, Megumi suspicious (Partnership path +1)
						            │       ├── Leave without explanation → Authorities search, complication in return visits (Support path +1)
						            │       └── Create partial cover story → Balanced approach, moderate suspicion (Caution path +1)
						            ├── Hot Springs Arrival Phase
						            │   ├── Protective Barrier Encounter: Hikari experiences the barrier → Automatic success due to perception ability
						            │   ├── Meeting Katsuo's Mother: First encounter with nine-tailed kitsune → Player reaction choice
						            │   │   ├── Maintain composure despite overwhelming vision → Impresses mother, respect bonus (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Become frightened by true form → Recoverable setback, requires later compensation → Express wonder openly (Partnership path +1)
						            │   └── Hot Spring Yokai Encounters: Meeting various supernatural beings → Player choice
						            │       ├── Focus on learning yokai customs → Knowledge bonus, smoother integration (Support path +1)
						            │       ├── Demonstrate perception abilities → Popularity among yokai, attention from tengu (Partnership path +1)
						            │       └── Stay close to Katsuo for protection → Safety but missed opportunity for independence (Caution path +1)
						            ├── Fiancée Conflict Phase
						            │   ├── Initial Attack: Katsuo's fiancée confronts Hikari → Automatic encounter
						            │   ├── Katsuo's Intervention: Katsuo defends Hikari → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Thank Katsuo but express desire to handle own battles → Independence path (Support path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Express gratitude for protection → Protection path (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Express sympathy for the fiancée → Empathy path (hardest but highest reward) (Partnership path +1)
						            │   └── Fiancée Aftermath: Processing the encounter → Player choice
						            │       ├── Focus on relationship with Katsuo → Romance strengthening (Partnership path +1)
						            │       ├── Express concern about arranged marriages → Cultural understanding development (Support path +1)
						            │       └── Worry about future attacks → Security focus path (Caution path +1)

9. A NEW WORLD [April 1997]
						            ├── Kodama Transformation Phase
						            │   ├── Journey to the Kodama: Hikari travels alone to the forest → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Prepare thoroughly with research → Easier transformation process (Support path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Trust intuition and perception → Spiritual connection bonus (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   └── Request Katsuo's guidance → Safer but less independent path (Caution path +1)
						            │   ├── Kodama Encounter: Meeting the tree spirit → Automatic event
						            │   ├── Consciousness Journey: Exploring sister's essence → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Embrace the non-existent sister → Optimal transformation path (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Maintain distance/analytical approach → Partial transformation with complications (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Resist merging with sister essence → Failed transformation → Consciousness anihiled in the void → Die in the process; game ends
						            │   └── Post-Transformation: Initial experience as kitsune → Player choice
						            │       ├── Playfully reveal transformation to Katsuo → Joy path (chase sequence) (Partnership path +1)
						            │       ├── Carefully demonstrate new form → Measured path (Support path +1)
						            │       └── Express fears about changes → Comfort path (Caution path +1)
						            ├── Training and Integration Phase
						            │   ├── Basic Movement Training: Learning kitsune mobility → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Focus on gymnastic background → Quick adaptation to tree movement (Support path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Practice diligently despite difficulties → Steady improvement path (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Become frustrated with limitations → Requires intervention from Katsuo's sister (Partnership path +1)
						            │   ├── Tail Training: Understanding tail coefficient → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Push beyond limitations → Tail injury path (requiring recovery) (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Train methodically → Slower but steady progress (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Request specialized training → Katsuo's sister teaching path (Support path +1)
						            │   ├── Injury Recovery: Dealing with tail sprain → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Use time to study yokai culture → Knowledge acquisition path (Partnership path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Focus on emotional connection with Katsuo → Relationship deepening (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Become frustrated with setback → Recovery complication
						            │   └── Social Integration: Building relationships with Katsuo's family → Player choice
						            │       ├── Bond with Katsuo's sister → Nature knowledge path (Support path +1)
						            │       ├── Learn from Katsuo's mother → Political/spiritual path (Partnership path +1)
						            │       └── Connect with Katsuo's brother → Practical yokai society path (Caution path +1)
						            ├── Final Confrontation Phase
						            │   ├── Fiancée Return: Second attack by Katsuo's fiancée → Automatic event
						            │   ├── Combat Response: Hikari's reaction to attack → Player choice
						            │   │   ├── Use new kitsune abilities confidently → Victory through power (Support path +1)
						            │   │   ├── Employ strategy over raw power → Victory through cunning (Caution path +1)
						            │   │   └── Attempt peaceful resolution, but it ends with a fight → Hardest path, highest moral score (Partnership path +1)
						            │   └── Victory Aftermath: Processing the confrontation → Player choice
						            │       ├── Express pride in abilities → Confidence path (Partnership path +1)
						            │       ├── Show compassion for defeated rival → Empathy path (Partnership path +1)
						            │       └── Focus on relationship security → Possession path (Caution path +1)
						            └── Realization Conclusion Phase
						                ├── Inheritance Discussion: Katsuo's mother offers inheritance → Player choice
						                │   ├── Accept inheritance responsibility → Succession path (Partnership path +1)
						                │   ├── Suggest alternative arrangement → Compromise path (Support path +1)
						                │   └── Decline in favor of Katsuo's siblings → Detachment path (Caution path +1)
						                ├── Marriage Ceremony: Union with Katsuo → Automatic event with style choice
						                │   ├── Traditional yokai ceremony → Cultural integration path (Support path +1)
						                │   ├── Blend of human and yokai elements → Bridge-building path (Caution path +1)
						                │   └── Simple private ceremony → Intimate connection path (Partnership path +1)
						                └── Mission Revelation: Learning Katsuo's secret mission (no shared with the player, only with Hikari character) → Automatic path selection based on cumulative scores
						                    ├── Partnership path (true perfect ending) → Requires high independence + empathy scores + optimal transformation; game ends
						                    ├── Support path (near-perfect ending) → Requires medium scores across categories; game ends
						                    └── Caution path (good ending) → Default path with minimum completion requirements; game ends

The fur scarf discusion happens before the sex-scene. 
-> I want you resolve the "To Claude" label' contents <- 
-> Katsuo don't have a network of relative yokai in the city, he works on his mission solitary <-
Make a new arc from White day. Make a new arc after Kodama. I want 9 arcs.
Make the last part fit the tree structure and integrate the new elements. Don't write code blocks but the tree structure. Make sure that the structure of the happy and unhappy endings, as well as that of the festival, are properly integrated into the tree structure, logically connecting them to the rest. Move the story one year earlier. Instead of taking place in 1998, it takes place in 1997. Check all references to 1998 and, if necessary, replace them with references to 1997. Then, make me a psychologic analysis on the character and the story, specifically the new parts, and global, and a narrative analysis. Measure the originality of the project in each medias then in visual novel media, give a note.
