The festival: on this day, the group will punish a young couple because the boy cheated on a girl to choose another who was in cahoots with the boy. They will be punished. Hikari will be able to observe the scene from afar thanks to the invisible yokai. He will be able to observe bad yokai around Megumi, but they will be vengeful and sad yokai, but Megumi shows no sadness. The couple will then be forced to undress and the girl to suck the boy's cock. The humiliating scene is filmed by Kizuko with a 1997 model camcorder, which you will look for the reference number, a model that fits the models of that era. And then, the boy will be forced to ejaculate in the girl's mouth to prevent them both from being rubbed with an ultra-dangerous and irritating herb, Toxicodendron radicans. Hikari will be able to observe that around Kizako, no invisible evil yokai emanate, only yokai related to the power of nature, those who have seen it around the non-evil yokai, and also yokai of sadness, because Katsuo is sad to embody this personality he invented to define Kizuko's character. As a group of delinquents, their lives are dedicated to being with Megumi. Therefore, Kizako, being part of the gang, cannot move away. However, in the evening, Kizako has to go pee and therefore has to move away from a group to go to the bathroom. 
In fact, Katsuo wants to walk a little to decompress after this episode of torture, and it is during this sentence that he, against the edge of a barrier, observes the moon in a reflection, and Hikari appears. The water comes from the fountain in the entrance of the establishment. Find the most appropriate spot in a Japanese school where there's a fountain. And in this reflection where Hikari appears, Kizuko is seen as Kizuko, but with Tatsuo's true appearance as a watermark behind Kizuko.
- "You don't really like what you're doing? I mean, with the Vengeresses Girls or whatever."
- "Ha, you know what that gang did tonight? Serving justice! The victim is in great pain, in the hospital."
- "There are other ways you can push someone to suicide."
- "I'm part of Megumi's gang. She's suffering, I'm helping her. Megumi trying to make the world a better place in her own way. And isn't it me who keeps her from committing suicide? I'm her right-hand man. That's ideology."
- "You know that's not true, you're not really her right-hand man. Why do you help her make people suffer? When we talk in the locker room, you're always nice. You're not like her. Well, I'm just saying that, I'm just wondering to understand. I'm not really asking you the question."
- "The people in the group are all different. I told you, it's ideology. Anyway, humanity is shit. You're not part of the shit. You're not made like them, and they rejected you. But your heart isn't dirty because of that. You should avoid asking questions about me or Megumi. We have tender steps, and I'm nice to you because you're not a problem for me." That's all."
- "Oh... okay."
After a few silent moments:
- "Kazuko, I just want to know one thing and then I'll leave you alone."
- "No personal questions."
- "Are you in love with Megumi?"
Tatsuo/Kizuko is surprised.
- "Haha, yeah, that must be it! They say love makes you blind!"
Hikari doesn't notice any invisible Yokai who could indicate that this statement is true. Then Hikari, smiling but displaying hidden satisfaction, stares at the reflection of the real person present, Tasuo, in the moonlight. While Tatsuo, under the identity of Kizuko, is unaware of being admired.

Partnership on the decoration committee because the partnership was chosen by drawing lots but which will be influenced by the kitsune, because Tatsuo still prefers to be paired with Hikari than Megumi. Obviously, Hikari, who says nothing about it, knows that Katsuo influenced the drawing because, in the invisible world of the yokai, she saw the activity of the yokai particles that come when a nature spirit expires power as a byproduct of their will to harmony with nature. And she understood that in what Katsuo let escape from his mind programs the events. She clearly knew how to decipher that Tatsuo injected a rule to bring out the combination that forms the Kazuko-Hikari pair. What she saw, in this invisible world, and what even Katsuo, who is a special being, a yokai, is not even aware of. She knows at least that Katsuo likes her and prefers her to Megumi.

To claude: Do not place the Megumi attitude as jealousy but more fustration if she loose Azuki from any reason. She wants to be perfect to the eyes of Azuki, she wants Azuki at her side

Akane caught in cry episode:

Kikari, after the moon's reflection passes and when Kazuko joins Megumi's new group, walks through the school and watches the students dismantle the installations. She notices particular yokai, those who are filled with deep sadness, so deep that they are the invisible yokai she saw around her when, a few years ago, she was mocked in the locker room because of her chimerism. She follows these yokai, who become more and more numerous as she gets closer to the source of these yokai's emissions. She ends up rushing into a room, at the end of a corridor under a staircase that leads to a mini hermitage for the school. There she sees, in the room, clinging to an old service sink, Akane looking at herself and sobbing in the mirror. Then Akane turns, surprised. And her gaze changes into a dark and hateful one. Hikari gets scared and runs away.

To Claude: Katsuo speaking to her mother in telephone cabin.

In the next arc, called 4. Investigation & Revelation, the following things happen, among other things: ever since Hikari ran into Akane in the hermitage, Akane has been avoiding Hikari even out of her eyes.

Just after the mini-arc "Growing Tension with the Revengeful Girls" and just before "Relationship Decision Point," Hikari runs into Akane again alone when it's time to do chores. Akane says to Hikari, once everyone has left the room, "I don't care what you think of me, but you're not like them. So I don't blame you." The invisible yokai around Akane are unhappy. Hikari watches them for a short while before acquiescing to Akane, albeit with a great deal of humility and fear, but also a sense of relief. They very discreetly observe the yokai who populate Akane's surroundings. They are always the same ones, the sad ones, but there are also those we observe when people are determined to do something right. They smile shyly at each other. In this scene, Akane is talking almost body-to-body with Hikari. Akane is shifted to the side; they only briefly look at each other as they smile shyly. After this scene, Hikari feels relieved.

After this, a second, less important plot is interwoven, then a new, important sequence will close this mini-arc:
A sudden, powerful flash accompanied by a violent thunderclap shakes the school. Hikari doesn't even know if the phenomenon comes from the material world or the world of invisible yokai. She looks around, no one is paying attention. She thinks it just comes from the world of invisible yokai and wonders deeply: 
- "What is this? Hasn't he ever seen something like this before? What happened, what's going on in the yokai world?" 
Then, in the distance, the screams of students, the commotion, can be heard. Hikari is as if awakened, astonished. Could something be happening in the material world too? Then a thick rain of yokai falls on the school, a rain of invisible yokai that passes through all objects and agitates the ordinary yokai that populate the surroundings of each person. Hikari gets up to head towards the sounds of commotion in the schoolyard. And guided into the school by a movement of commotion of the students who all want to go and observe what is happening there, she hears the students say: 
- "That's it, it's the fight of the century, Akane against [finds a name of asshole Japanese]!". 
And the intense rain of invisible yokai on the school intensifies, like a storm accompanied by a thick rain. When she follows the crowd, she sees Akane from afar, in full fight with a guy who is part of Megumi's karate club. Akane smashes his face, but the boy, much stronger, blocks it, and shows all the power of the masculine will in accordance with his powerful physique, "eeeeh" says with a time of disappointment Hikari who observes the scene. But suddenly, Akane is taken by an immeasurable rage and discharges of lightning from invisible yokai explode around her, Hikari had never seen a human produce this kind of phenomenon, she explodes her astonishment. Akane, based on physical strength and surrounded by a luminous web of current of blue electric yokai, stands up against the strength and weight of the guy, returns to the guy on the ground and smashes his face while Hikari hears a rumble, like a distant and deep thunderclap, she feels vibrations in her, and lines of light made up of millions of invisible yokai spurts from Akane's body. Not far from there, in the gathered crowd stand some girls from Revengeful Girl and among them Megumi and Hazuko. Hikari, despite the sound and light show produced by Akane, notices on the side a powerful black glow, in the center of the black light she observes Megumi arms in the air singing and laughing under a rain of invisible morbid and hooked yokai, while Azuko observes Megumi with a frightening sociopathic look without being, as Katsuo, affected by the rain of yokai around him, a sort of bubble of emptiness having formed around him and sparing him from the rain, and his Kitsune aura shines. Police officers come out of the recently arrived police cars, quickly they throw themselves on Akane to control her. And while the paramedics rush on the guy on the ground, Akane is handcuffed and taken away in a police car. Hikari: 
- "usso... poor Akane... I'm really so sorry for her, poor thing... but just... just...", 
she looks at Akane struggling in vain against the police officers who are trying to stuff her into the car, and looks with a very unhappy and worried expression at this dancing and singing Megumi who shouts: "I found him Kazuko! I found him! She's the one, she's the one! The one who will make us win the war against the gang of guardian sons of the sun!" Hikari: 
- "what's really going on? I see all this, and yet I don't understand anything at all."
Akane then disappears for about three months before returning to school just before the tests. 

Hikaru and Katsuo love night sequence:

After the revelation on the rooftop, in the fake suicide sequence, Katsuo discovers Hikari's ability to see a world he himself cannot perceive as a yokai. He confesses his feelings for her, telling her that he finds her fascinating. Overall, not only because she possesses this gift, nor because she is unique as a chimera, but also because she is kind, observant, and in tune with her nature. This is what makes her so fascinating to him. She confides in him that she wishes he were her first, that she has always dreamed of meeting someone like him, that he is the first person with whom she can truly be herself, without risking being treated like an anomaly again. 
- "No, Hikari, you're not an anomaly..." 
- "Then accept me, take me, even if it's just for one night. You do that to other girls. I want you to do the same to me, but I'm not like other girls. I want you, kitsune-kun. I want to experience this with you and no one else." 
- "As a Kitsune, Hikari, you know... I've always dreamed of meeting a human like you, who sees me, a Kitsune. And who isn't afraid of me. Someone I can be myself with. Will you come? Are you sure this is what you want?" 
- "I'm afraid I want a little more from you, Tatsuo. I want you to grant my wish, I want you to make me believe that you chose me. I want you to show me the world from your Kitsune's perspective. Tonight, I want to be in your world. I want you to love me in your world, I want to love someone who lives in my world. Make me believe that I exist, Kitsune-kun, because I was born for you." 
After a long pause, as the invisible yokai of love circle around Katsuo, 
- "I must confess, Hikari... that I am very happy that you are giving me so much attention. If you want to come to my home, if you want to come to my world, I invite you to accompany me on this journey where I move like a Kitsune, from rooftop to rooftop. I, as a Kitsune, am capable of such things, and I want to show them to you, Hikari, I want you to see this. Do you feel up to holding onto me? I'll hold you so tightly with my tails that you won't be at risk at all, I promise. However, it's going to be a bit bumpy, so you have to feel really up to it." 
And Hikari, all excited, agrees.

From Rooftop to Rooftop: 

A dreamlike passage where the Kitsune, with Hikari firmly attached to her back, jumps from rooftop to rooftop, on a terrifying and perfectly planned journey. Hikari, initially very frightened, opens her eyes and begins to appreciate what she sees, what she observes. Sharing the kitsune's point of view, she feels like a kitsune herself. In this sequence, the player has no choice but to admire the sequence.

Before love sequence, the tufts of fur:

Arriving at Katsuo's house, she discovers the tufts of fur. During the visit to the kitsune, Hikari sees her tufts of fur in a basket and asks if she can keep them. The kitsune is really embarrassed and, although the housekeeping is done regularly, there may still be dust in her hair. Hikari tells him of her intention to make a beautiful yellow scarf tinted with red-pink, colors that color her fur, and that once transformed into a handkerchief, she will ensure that it is perfectly clean and will keep it as a treasure. The kitsune finally agrees, not without embarrassment, hiding his pride out of modesty. The symbolism of the scarf being strong among his peers, knowing that this incredible girl directly asks him to keep her hair to make a scarf pierces him with emotion. Knowing that Hikari, thanks to her power to see the invisible world of the Yokai, will be able to see a spell emerge anyway, he focuses his will and envelops the scarf in a true protective spell. Kitsune can not only pretend to create amulets, but also do so when their feelings give them the power and the will.

Love sequence:

The love scene takes place while Katsuo, despite his experience honed over the years, is very shy. Hikari is the first to discover herself in his bed. She is very embarrassed to show her body, but she knows that Katsuo loves the signs of her illusion. She feels a gentle warmth spreading within her while Katsuo admires her discreetly, still embarrassed. "I've... already taken a pill." Katsuo says nothing and removes her top garment. Using the Tsuo-human version of its illusion, he approaches Hikari to caress her. 
- "Kitsune-kun, you are a kitsune, a kitsune-kun." 
- "Hikari... I'm... sure I will make you mine tonight. What appearance do you want me to use? I can be the most handsome boy you can imagine, you can ask me to take the appearance of an actor you like, that of an idol-kun, whatever you want. You choose." 
- "You, Katsuo, I choose you!" 
- "Me?" 
- "Yes Kitsune-kun, I want you, I want Katsuo." 
- "You seem so determined. I'm different, you know." 
- "Yes! You're a super cute Kitsune!" 
- "Hehe"
- "I see your illusions. Just like I see you. It's disturbing, I can never see you. Just now, on the roof, I was finally able to see you without illusions. I see your illusions transparently over your image. I no longer want to be embarrassed when I want to look you in the eyes. I will look you in the eyes; I want to see you as you are and with your true appearance."
- "Hikari... I've never done it like this. Being myself... here tonight, it's completely silly, I know, but I feel like it's the first time." 
- "I'm so happy, you know. So excited. Come, Kitsune-kun, show me." 
- "Ho Hikari..." They kiss and share their intimacy, making love. 
Katsuo, a master of the art, knows how to take a girl's virginity. And he tells Hikari that she will only feel pleasure when she feels the person she loves touching her deepest. When he enters her, he scrutinizes her face, entering into harmony with her so as not to hurt her. When he pushes his entire penis in to pierce her hymen, Hikari feels no pain; her eyes are fixed on Tetsuo's. They remain motionless for a moment, observing each other in symbiosis. Then, Katsuo gently asks, whispering, if Hikari felt anything painful, and Hikari says no, no unpleasant sensation, only a strange feeling of relaxation and well-being. Hikari continuously feels this sensation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASMR and Katsuo too, the hairs on his tail are very static electricity, ruffled because he also feels this sensation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASMR.
Slowly, Katsuo sits up and looks at his partner's blood as he drips. Hikari sits up to look, Tetsuo tells her not to pay attention to the blood, it's normal. From now on, she won't even be in pain anymore.
They make love slowly, deeply, and passionately. Hikari holds one of Katsuo's tails in her arms, as if it were a pillow. She slowly rubs her face against it, her face flushed, the tops of her eyes swollen, a slight crease at the corners of her eyes. She looks as if her head is facing down. And Katsuo plunges into her, passion and pleasure at their peak. Sometimes he looks at Hikari's face, face to face, eye to eye, he enters her, enveloped in a thick cloud of invisible yokai, all bubbly and light, very translucent.
As he slowly penetrates, as he moves in and out slowly, concentrated, observing the slightest movement on Hikari's face, she feels a thick heat gradually invade her until she implosions. Hikari, who is looking into Katsuo's eyes, can no longer keep her eyes open and closes them for a moment, leaning her head back, she comes.
Katsuo slows down, pauses, and slowly kisses Hikari on the neck, then on the eye, on her cheek. He places his face against hers, closing his eyes, moaning with a Kitsune-like groan. Every hair on Hikari's body resonates. Then, Katsuo melts once again into Hikari's beauty, where he loses himself and enjoys, letting his Kitsune voice be heard again, strange with pleasure. Hikari experiences an oceanic state. Katsuo buries his face in Hikari's neck, the two remain silent for a moment. Hikari looks at the yokai for a moment, Invisible yokai of all colors, predominantly red, explore the room, forming small dancing groups. Hikari watches them, then turns her face so that she is against Katsuo's head, who then tightens his arms around her. He lets out a tear.

Pillow talk sequence:

Hikari is happy. Ketsuo is in love and feels a deep peace. Then looks at Hikari. She said:
- "I know, Kitsune-kun, I know what you want from me." 
- "I want more of you, I want to know more about you. I just want you to be there... kind of all the time... I feel ready for that." 
- "Really... ?" 
- "Yes... I want you as my companion, Hikari. "
Hikari squeezes herself very hard.
Katsuo continues: - "All that entails, I feel ready. You want me, then you'll be in my life. I'll take you into my life." 
- "Kits... kitsune-kun! You're making my dream come true, Kitsune-kun! I'm so happy. So much happy. Is it real?"
- "It's real. "
As they kiss, the number of invisible yokai suddenly increases, all turning red, they spin in choreography, and streaks of light blue light weave between the yokai's groups.
- "I think I'm done being a fool, Hikari. I feel like I need to be with you, to take care of you. I don't know what to do for you other than simply give you what you want. And I don't know if it's good for my tails but I think it is. If I take something from it, if it benefits me too, I think that's what I have to do, as a Kitsune. I feel capable of accessing this new plane of existence if you come with me."
The two figures press their faces against each other. An epiphany fully realized.

Chocolate Scene:

On March 14, Hikari makes fox-shaped chocolates. She buys molds and chooses shapes of fox bodies, fox heads; you can even recognize the Firefox logo (even though Firefox is a red panda, unless, Claude, you find a logo for a software program like Firefox that has a fox logo and that would be a better reference).
Managing to find a quiet moment (in the locker room), Hikari gives the chocolates to Kazuko, explaining that they are Giri Choco https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giri_choco.
- "Haaaa yes! Ha, okay then I'll take it with honor, thank you, Hikari^^."
- "You know, they're just giri..."
- "Yes, thank you! I appreciate it! I'll just hide them in my bag. I don't really want anyone to know, you know. But uh... it means a lot to me."
Hikari is delighted.
Later, after school, she follows Kizuko from afar. Once separated from Megumi's group, she settles down in the park next to the school. Hikari asks the yokai to conceal their noises, if possible, if they would grant her this privilege. This way, she can observe Katsuo (Azuko's appearance) more closely as he discovers the shape of chocolates. The yokai living around him are amused and ironic. And shortly afterward, Kizuko bursts out laughing:
- "That girl is amazing! I love her! She's crazy!"

In Akane Avoidance Period:
   
The player can make a choice that will directly lead to her death. If he decides that Hikari tries to talk to Akane in the hallway, Akane suddenly throws herself at Hikari and delivers powerful blows, one of her blows pierces the wall, she delivers a knee strike so powerful that Hikari is knocked down. Akane smashes her face in and Hikari dies that same day in the hospital.

At the beginning of the game, the search for the kitsune:

In the summer, Hikari also searches intensely for this kitsune boy. She looks for him on the street near the museum, in the neighborhood. She stays for hours at the spot where she was sitting when she saw Katsuo searching for directions. He even sits at a bus stop for an entire night. She looks for signs of Yokai from the invisible world, but nothing allows her to find the kitsune boy.

The fur scarf discusion happens before the sex-scene. 
Make the last part fit the tree structure and integrate the new elements. Don't write code blocks but the tree structure. Make sure that the structure of the happy and unhappy endings, as well as that of the festival, are properly integrated into the tree structure, logically connecting them to the rest. Move the story one year earlier. Then, make me a psychologic analysis on the character and the story, specifically the new parts, and global, and a narrative analysis. Measure the originality of the project in each medias then in visual novel media, give a note.

Content accessible via a variable:

As if it were possible to enable/disable sensitive sexual content via an option, I want you to clearly indicate sexual and excessively violent content using a variable. Violent content only (the bad ending when Akane kills Hikari) has its own variable, while sexual content only has its own variable as well.
These variables will be used to introduce content via a future downloadable expansion patch, a patch called "Full Version Edition"
The version of the game without the patch should be downloadable on platforms like itch'io. The patch itself can be downloaded from the game's website. The mechanism for including game data from the patch isn't yet fully defined, but it's safer to be able to manipulate the accessibility of this content with variables.

The Katsuo's secret mission remains a mystery in the game, even for the perfect ending. But it is a little more detailed and shared with the player. It is suggested that Katsuo shares with Hikari the purpose of his presence in the city, and the player can only vaguely imagine that his presence is probably related to the surveillance of a very dangerous yokai he must find. However, this is merely a detail in Hikari's eyes, a rather mundane mission, as Katsuo often has to do it, and he will even need Hikari's power to accomplish it. But the journey to the springs resonates like a fantastical opening to a mysterious future, leaving the mystery of what awaits Hikari alongside Katsuo, and the profound impact this journey will have on her existence. It is there that she will discover who she truly is by nature and why she can see the invisible world of yokai.

At the beginning of the story/game, the girl already knows the young kitsune, because during the summer vacation, she meets him on the street while he's lost. He has just arrived from the countryside and is unfamiliar with the city. He looks for a place on a poorly drawn map, his temporary residence, a small museum dedicated to so-called yukai objects, but finds himself lost. This is how he meets this girl who asks him for directions. She then glimpses his true form, but pretends not to have noticed him and behaves towards him as if he were a human, guiding him on the path to the museum. Full of trust, unaware that he has been discovered, he behaves like a human and leaves her in front of the museum, thanking her for helping him find his way. Hikari is an expert in yukai folklore and, of course, knows this museum. In the following days, regretting not having dared to speak to him frankly, she tries to find him. This encounter had a profound impact on her, a revelation, an illumination of the life she now desires. And every day, throughout the summer, she searches for him again, in vain, until the start of the school year. Leaving behind her the memory of a past love, never realized, and forever regretted.

The locations the player will visit are the classroom, where they will see Hikari in her new guise, a girl with green goggles, the locker room before the school pool activity, and the roof of the building in the simulated suicide scene.

Then add locations like the park next to the school.
Please analyse: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_school
and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_Japan

In the classroom, there's a violent redhead whom Hikari admires from afar.
Hikari practices gymnastics at school. She's a true athlete with incredible balance and strength. She's human, but not superhuman, so at her schoolgirl level, she's a good athlete with no abilities beyond an excellent but average level.
Katsuo, as a girl at school, is the co-leader of a delinquent group of girls called the Revengeful Girls. His "best friend" is Megumi, the leader of this group that defends girls against boys (the male gender). Megumi is hiding a secret about a past event that makes her as violent as she is today. Deep down, Katsuo feels sad and sorry for her, but uses her to forge an identity as the girl with green glasses at school, as he is there to fulfill a secret mission that even Ikira doesn't guess.

Hikari will eventually meet him alone at school as the girl with green glasses. In the locker room, he discovers (beneath his fake feminine appearance) that she is a chimera. Because of the hidden colors of her skin, she was mocked And bullied a few years ago. As a result, she is now very reserved about her appearance.
The locker room accident needs To be developed in more detail. Under his guise as the girl with green glasses, he adopts another personality To conceal his identity. He has a daughter, he is the deputy leader of a group of delinquent girls called the Revengeful Girls, known For their particularly violent And psychopathic fighting abilities. As the girl with the green glasses, Katsuo tries Not To use his strength, but Megumi refers To her Friend as the girl who has no rival on earth. The player can, however, avoid a scene Where the girl with the green glasses would increase her strength, creating an alternative Where we play a peaceful story path. The blonde girl is really ashamed of her body And that's why she is late every day for swimming lessons because she tries to avoid people, and Katsuo, in his girl identity, avoids people in the locker room because he doesn't want to meet any girls to avoid an "accident", because he has to be focused to stay in shape. It is in this context that Hikari will end up spending time, even short moments, with the person she covets.

Katsuo, in his human form, meets many young girls with whom he makes love in love hotels. Using his power of illusion, he creates a perfect appearance in the eyes of his prey girl To looks as a boy with an ideal physique (in reality very uniform, read https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koinophilia). The blonde girl Hikari played by the player discovers what kind of activity he has because she manages To spy on him with the help of invisible spirits To whom she asks things (these spirits listen To her but cannot speak To her, they are like instant particles hidden in the folds of reality). After discovering the secret life Katsuo leads as a human boy, she accepts this fact And even sees an opportunity that she could benefit from If she could communicate with Katsuo in human boy appearance And If she could find a way To offer him her body. After several unsuccessful attempts To meet him in his human boy guise, And after some reflection, she decides that she doesn't just want to meet and love him as a human boy, but she wants to meet him in his true nature, a fox spirit, since she admires fox spirits, adores his true appearance, and is the only one who truly admires his beauty to the point of seeing him as perfect as a kitsune boy. For her, he, as a Kitune, is perfect.

A fox spirit has a rule of never revealing their true nature, no matter the circumstances, and this goes back to the origins of the persecutions kitsune suffered during the feudal era. And Katsuo is perfect with a Kitsune; he never wants to have to reveal his true nature to a human, even if he truly falls in love with a human girl. He absolutely does not want to break the rule and is uncompromising on the matter. 
In order to force him to reveal his true fox spirit appearance, she lures him during the night, indirectly forcing him to follow her, provoking a feeling of anxiety in him due to the fact that Hikari, in the clothing room before swimming class, tells him how sad and ashamed she feels because of her chimera condition.
He Then follows her this special night While she seems To walk the streets of the neighborhood with sadness in the surroundings of the famous museum by transforming himself into an element found in the street, such as a trash can, a lamppost... Each time, she can verify that he is truly following her, because she sees him through his illusions. She Then fakes suicide by jumping from a building To force him To save her in his True form. She must be willing To sacrifice her life If she wants To meet the one she desires. 
When she jumps, Katsuo is seized with fear And instinctively starts moving, demonstrates, saving her when she throws herself into the Void, his superhuman physical abilities in his True form: jumping, managing her falls, And Then climbing the wall To the roof. If the events chosen by the player are correct, she will reveal To him that she is able To see yukai spirits, even invisible ones that he cannot even see himself, And that Hikari's power is so great that she must live in a world surrounded by all kinds of yukai, whether small or larger than a cloud, or visible shapeshifters like kitsune. She must live in her own world and keep quiet, so she doesn't end up in the hospital like she did during her childhood. And until then, she had never met a spirit like him, so beautiful, so fox-like, so kind and fascinating. 
She tells him that Using his illusion To hide his True nature is useless because she wants him as he really is. Katsuo, after the shock And amazement, begins To have a revelation about the fact that he is loved by the girl he admires And that he could perhaps love her as a kitsune too. She manages To convince him To take her To his place (an apartment other than the museum). During this visit, they make love. She insists that he keep his True nature because she wants him as he is: a kitsune boy. For the first time, he is truly ashamed And shows her a deep passion, determined To make her his wife, While she confides in him that she cannot imagine her life without loving someone who lives in the same world as her. She will be the bridge between the world of the yukai And that of humans as well as she will follow him wherever he goes And stay with him Forever. And they don't use protection.

Hikari will never be asked by anyone to join this group of girls which is not a group of friends, but a group of violent and misandrist vigilantes, led by a girl, Megumi, who harbors a visceral repulsion towards men and whose family is politically linked to extreme right-wing movements. 

The kitsune boy, in his green-glasses-girl form, can't fathom the idea of ​​bringing a sweet and deeply kind girl like Hikari into a world devoid of any notion of friendship, like the Revengeful Girls, who are organized more like a pack of dogs. Given his refined kitsune nature, he finds this degenerate. As a green-glasses-girl, he can only speak to Hikari long enough to change before going to the pool. But Megumi already senses something strange between the green-glasses-girl and Hikari, and begins to seethe with a dull jealousy.

The people around him perceive the green-glasses-girl as having always been there, at Megumi's side. Katsuo has cast some sort of spell, an immense power of illusion that he can only use after a certain period of regeneration of his powers. Hikari, with her ability to see through any possible illusion, regardless of the illusionist's power level (even if they're just a magician practicing magic tricks), is therefore the only one aware that Megumi began the school year without ever having been in the city before. She finds herself in a confusing situation when she brings up the girl with green glasses in a conversation with Akane, where Akane warns Hikari not to speak to this girl without being prepared to lose something to gain something else.

These evasive remarks, for Hikari, who sees through illusions, represent a deep and unfathomable mystery that will deeply affect his mind, day and night during his dreams. The limited interaction between Hikari and Akane should leave a deep imprint on the story that should guide the players in their subsequent choices.

Hikari says that she has always known Akane and admired this girl in secret, she says that she has always gone to see these tournaments or her tests in a secret way. She relates the anecdote of having crossed paths one day with Takane in a hall after a kendo demonstration and Hikari, who had seen Akane the day before in her dreams wearing the appearance of an unbreakable heroine, seized with fright when meeting Akane's gaze, and Akane stopped to say to Hikari - "You're in my class, hello". To which in a half-strangled voice Hikari will let out a "hello". This was a year before the beginning of the narration.

In the story tree, it is important that Katsuo will NEVER reveals his true form to her before the fake suicide sequence. If this form is revealed before the final fake suicide sequence, it will result in an immediate ending. Find a reason for this ending to be an ending.

To keep this rule consistent, it's necessary to adapt a situation where Katsuo is having difficulty maintaining his illusion.
The illusion works like this: he doesn't need to target anyone in particular for that person to perceive his illusion. A sort of causal aura spreads around him and, like electromagnetic waves, penetrates cameras and imprints the illusion on any system, brain, or recording device. Everyone is affected regardless of time, place, or distance. Only Hikari escapes this illusion, and Katsuo is precisely a Master Illusionist. He must never be aware of having been seen as he is before the scene of the fake suicide on the roof, no matter how one wants to develop a precedent.

During Act 2, Hikari also has the annoying tendency to always suddenly appear around the girl with the green glasses, until, one day, she hides in a trash can. She studies the Kitsune. Hikari also goes through a developmental phase where she becomes interested in yokai, their existence possibly known to humans, based on ancient legends. She already knows a significant amount of folklore and is fascinated by kitsune, but having only seen invisible yokai produced by objects or the cognitive activity of creatures, she had never seen a kitsune before showing Katsuo the way, and she begins to question the legends and the reality of certain stories concerning a relationship between humans and kitsune. She asks herself existential questions about Katsuo's potential age and how she would grow up by his side if her dream were to come true.

Hikari's mother died when Hikari was very young; she has no memory of her mother. His father raised him alone but sank into alcoholism and depression, and now works by a window. When Katsuo learns of this after the fake suicide scene, he makes it his goal to solve the problems in Hikari's life.

# CHARACTER DIALOGUE CALIBRATION

This document provides dialogue samples between key character pairs to establish distinct speech patterns and relationship dynamics for narrative implementation. Each pairing includes two separate dialogue encounters to demonstrate consistency of character voice across different contexts.


You can inspirate you of these dialogs, but do not use them exactly like that. Make Akane using quotings when it's really necessary, like for a conclusion or to guide the conversation in a specific and important point.

## Dialogue Samples

### Akane and Hikari

**Sequence 1: Classroom Cleaning Duty**

**Akane:** "Thy movements lack efficiency. The cloth should follow water's path, not struggle against it."

**Hikari:** "Sorry! I've never been good at cleaning the blackboards."

**Akane:** "As Musashi wrote, 'You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.' This one has simply walked the path of discipline longer."

**Hikari:** "Your dedication is really admirable, Akane-san."

**Akane:** "One's actions define one's character. Nothing more."

**Sequence 2: Library Encounter**

**Akane:** "That text you hold—'The Book of Five Rings.' Thou seekest knowledge of the warrior's path?"

**Hikari:** "Oh! I was just curious about Japanese philosophy. The librarian recommended it."

**Akane:** "Curiosity without purpose is merely wandering. What dost thou seek within these pages?"

**Hikari:** "I guess... understanding? About how to face difficulties with strength."

**Akane:** "Then perhaps thy curiosity has purpose after all. The void book contains wisdom worth thy time."

### Hikari and Katsuo (Human Form)

**Sequence 1: Museum Exhibition**

**Katsuo:** "Interesting choice, focusing on this particular artifact. Most visitors overlook it."

**Hikari:** "There's something about the energy it gives off. Like it's... watching."

**Katsuo:** "You sense things others don't, don't you, Hikari-san?"

**Hikari:** "Sometimes I notice patterns or... auras around certain objects. People think I'm strange."

**Katsuo:** "Strange is merely unfamiliar perspective. What others miss might be the most important things to see."

**Sequence 2: Café Conversation**

**Hikari:** "Do you ever feel like you're... different from everyone else? Like you're seeing a different world?"

**Katsuo:** "Everyone feels that way sometimes. The question is whether what you're seeing is illusion or deeper truth."

**Hikari:** "How can you tell the difference?"

**Katsuo:** "That's the essential question, isn't it? Perhaps the distinction itself is the illusion."

**Hikari:** "You always speak in riddles."

**Katsuo:** "Or perhaps you're simply beginning to understand the essence of things beyond simple answers."

### Kazuko and Hikari

**Sequence 1: School Hallway**

**Kazuko:** "Your uniform collar is askew again. The student handbook specifically requires precise presentation."

**Hikari:** "Oh! Thank you, Kazuko-san. I was rushing this morning."

**Kazuko:** "Precision in small matters builds reliability in larger ones. You should be more careful."

**Hikari:** "You're always so perfectly put together. I don't know how you manage it."

**Kazuko:** "Practice and attention. Nothing more complicated than that."

**Sequence 2: Festival Preparation**

**Kazuko:** "The calligraphy on your sign is unbalanced. The character leans too far right."

**Hikari:** "I've never been good at brush control. My hand always shakes."

**Kazuko:** "Let me show you. Hold the brush like this—firm but not rigid. Like holding a bird."

**Hikari:** "That's a beautiful way of describing it. You're a natural teacher, Kazuko-san."

**Kazuko:** "I simply understand the technique. You have good instincts but lack proper guidance."

### Kitsune (True Form) and Hikari

**Sequence 1: Forest Clearing**

**Kitsune:** "Child of two natures, you stand at the threshold between realms. Your eyes have finally opened to what has always surrounded you."

**Hikari:** "Your voice... it sounds like leaves rustling and water flowing all at once."

**Kitsune:** "I am what the forest whispers about when humans are not listening. I am memory older than your stones and buildings."

**Hikari:** "Why reveal yourself to me now?"

**Kitsune:** "The veil between worlds thins when one truly seeks to see. You have always sought, even when you did not know what you were seeking."

**Sequence 2: Moonlit Shrine**

**Kitsune:** "The patterns of existence flow through you differently than other humans. The currents of nature recognize you as kin, not stranger."

**Hikari:** "These sensations... I've always felt them but never understood."

**Kitsune:** "Understanding is the journey of a thousand years. Feeling is the wisdom of the present moment. Which do you value more?"

**Hikari:** "I've spent my life trying to understand why I'm different."

**Kitsune:** "Perhaps the greater wisdom lies in embracing what you are rather than questioning why you are not something else. The bamboo does not ask why it is not an oak."

### Akane and Megumi

**Sequence 1: School Courtyard**

**Megumi:** "Still practicing alone, Akane-san? How dedicated."

**Akane:** "This one walks the solitary path. Thy presence disturbs the water's surface."

**Megumi:** "Always the dramatic samurai act. This is a school, not your historical reenactment."

**Akane:** "One's approach to training reflects one's spirit. Thy mockery reveals thine own emptiness."

**Megumi:** "Our culture isn't your costume to play with. You're just a foreigner with delusions."

**Akane:** "The way of the sword acknowledges no borders. Thy narrow mind is thy greatest limitation."

**Sequence 2: Empty Classroom**

**Megumi:** "I heard you corrected the history teacher about samurai traditions. How presumptuous."

**Akane:** "Falsehoods should not stand unchallenged, regardless of who speaks them."

**Megumi:** "You lecture about our heritage while speaking like you're from a period drama. It's pathetic."

**Akane:** "This one honors traditions through practice, not empty words. As Musashi wrote, 'There is nothing outside of yourself that can enable you.'"

**Megumi:** "Quoting our philosophers doesn't make you one of us. Remember your place here."

**Akane:** "This one's place is on the warrior's path. Thy approval matters not."

## Implementation Notes

### Character Voice Distinction

Each character has been given distinct speech patterns:

1. **Akane:** Feudal Japanese speech patterns using archaic pronouns ("thy," "thou"), formal sentence structures, and direct Musashi quotations. Her speech emphasizes discipline, honor, and philosophical detachment.

2. **Katsuo (Human):** Thoughtful, somewhat enigmatic speech with philosophical undertones. Uses questions to probe Hikari's perceptions and speaks in ways that hint at his non-human nature without directly revealing it.

3. **Kazuko:** Precise, formal speech focusing on rules, order, and perfection. Maintains proper distance while occasionally revealing glimpses of mentorship.

4. **Kitsune (True Form):** Nature-oriented metaphors and timeless perspective. Speaks as an entity beyond human experience, using imagery of natural elements and cycles. Employs more poetic, flowing language structure.

5. **Megumi:** Confrontational, territorial speech with subtle threats and cultural ownership claims. Uses mockery and challenges to establish dominance.

6. **Hikari:** Observant, question-oriented speech showing both insecurity and unique perception. Often references unusual sensations and feelings that others don't experience.

### Cultural Element Integration

Cultural elements have been integrated through:

1. **Musashi References:** Direct quotes and philosophical concepts from "The Book of Five Rings" integrated into Akane's dialogue.

2. **Cultural Tension:** The conflict between Akane and Megumi over cultural adoption versus cultural ownership creates narrative depth.

3. **Nature Spirit Conception:** The Kitsune's true form dialogue draws from Shinto concepts of kami and nature spirits, emphasizing connection to natural elements and cycles.

## Technical Advantages

### Dialogue-Based Character Recognition

The distinct speech patterns create immediate character recognition even without dialogue tags. This offers several technical advantages:

1. **Reduced Dialogue Attribution Need:** In longer sequences, speech patterns are distinctive enough that readers can identify speakers with fewer dialogue attributions.

2. **Character Consistency:** Established speech patterns create framework for maintaining consistent characterization across multiple writers or development phases.

3. **Form Identification:** Katsuo's different forms maintain psychological consistency while using distinct speech patterns, allowing readers to identify which form is present.

### Non-Exposition Worldbuilding

The dialogue implements worldbuilding elements without requiring separate exposition:

1. **Supernatural Elements:** Hikari's perception abilities and the yokai world are established through natural conversation rather than explanation blocks.

2. **Cultural Context:** Japanese philosophical concepts and social dynamics are demonstrated through character interactions rather than narrative asides.

3. **Character Histories:** Background elements emerge organically through dialogue without requiring flashback sequences or direct exposition.

These implementation choices create efficient narrative density while maintaining natural dialogue flow and distinctive character voices across various interaction contexts.

HIKARI-KATSUO ROMANCE ARC: PSYCHOLOGICAL & NARRATIVE ANALYSIS

This document provides comprehensive psychological and narrative analysis of the Hikari-Katsuo love sequence, examining transformative character dynamics, symbolic exchanges, and narrative structure implementation. The analysis focuses on identity revelation mechanics, vulnerability frameworks, and yokai manifestation patterns throughout the intimate development arc.

Psychological Analysis
Identity Framework Transformation

The sequence implements sophisticated identity framework transformation across three distinct phases:

    Rooftop Traversal: Physical Identity Sharing
        Hikari experiences Katsuo's physical reality, creating embodied understanding
        Initial fear transforms to wonder, mirroring psychological journey from fear of difference to embrace
        "Feeling like a kitsune herself" indicates psychological merging of previously separate identity frameworks
        Observation capabilities shift from external viewer to participant, creating psychological perspective transformation

    Fur Exchange: Cultural Identity Acceptance
        The fur exchange represents profound psychological surrender of separateness
        Katsuo's embarrassment reveals vulnerability rare for his character archetype
        Hikari's desire for scarf creation demonstrates transformation of "otherness" into cherished attribute
        Protection spell creation represents psychological transition from performative to authentic behavior

    Intimacy Sequence: Core Identity Integration
        Katsuo's question "What appearance do you want me to use?" represents final psychological barrier
        Hikari's insistence on true form creates complete rejection of illusion as relationship basis
        Their mutual vulnerability during physical intimacy demonstrates equal psychological surrender
        Eye contact during penetration symbolizes psychological interpenetration beyond physical act

The progression demonstrates sophisticated psychological development rarely implemented in visual novels, where physical intimacy serves as manifestation of already-completed psychological intimacy rather than catalyst for it.
Vulnerability Exchange Mechanics

The sequence implements bidirectional vulnerability exchange:

    Katsuo's Vulnerability Implementation
        Physical form revelation (previously protected for survival)
        Cultural vulnerability through fur offering (sacred act within kitsune framework)
        Sexual vulnerability through inexperience despite experience ("feels like the first time")
        Final tear release representing complete emotional barrier dissolution

    Hikari's Vulnerability Implementation
        Physical danger acceptance during rooftop journey
        Chimera body revelation despite history of traumatic exposure
        "I've already taken a pill" indicating premeditated vulnerability preparation
        Complete self-offering without illusion acceptance ("I want you, Katsuo")

    Mutual Vulnerability Implementation
        Synchronized eye contact during penetration
        Shared ASMR sensory experience
        Mutual yokai environment response (red light manifestations)
        Verbalized future commitments without guarantees

This implementation creates psychological equilibrium that transforms potential power imbalance (supernatural being/human) into balanced partnership through structured vulnerability exchange.
Power Dynamic Transformation

The sequence implements sophisticated power dynamic transformation:

    Physical Power Phase
        Initial rooftop journey establishes Katsuo's physical superiority
        "I'll hold you so tightly with my tails" demonstrates protective dominance
        Hikari's position as passenger physically dependent on Katsuo

    Knowledge Power Phase
        "I see your illusions" represents Hikari's unique perceptual power
        Katsuo confronts realm of experience Hikari accesses that he cannot
        Knowledge imbalance creates counterweight to physical imbalance

    Emotional Power Phase
        "Being myself... here tonight, it's completely silly" reveals Katsuo's emotional vulnerability
        Hikari's directness ("I want you, Katsuo") creates emotional certainty Katsuo lacks
        Power shifts to Hikari through emotional clarity versus Katsuo's confusion

    Integrated Power Resolution
        "I want you as my companion" establishes partnership framework
        "You'll be in my life" represents voluntary power surrender
        "You're making my dream come true" acknowledges mutual fulfillment
        Final face-pressing represents symbolic power equalization

This implementation creates sophisticated psychological arc where physical, knowledge, and emotional power domains interact to create balanced relationship framework despite inherently unbalanced nature of human/yokai pairing.
Narrative Analysis
Transformative Journey Architecture

The sequence implements five-stage transformative journey structure:

    Physical Transformation Journey
        Rooftop traversal creating physical distance from human world
        Movement through liminal space between worlds (urban rooftops)
        Arrival at threshold space (Katsuo's dwelling)
        Boundary crossing through physical intimacy
        Resolution through verbal commitment

    Visual Transformation Journey
        Initial sight restriction ("initially very frightened")
        Gradual vision expansion ("opens her eyes")
        Perception sharing ("sharing the kitsune's point of view")
        Complete visual acceptance ("I will look you in the eyes")
        Resolution through yokai manifestation observation

    Emotional Transformation Journey
        Fear → wonder → pleasure → connection → commitment
        Each stage implemented through specific narrative beats
        Emotional state visualization through yokai manifestations
        Resolution through tear release (Katsuo) and physical clinging (Hikari)

This implementation creates sophisticated hero's journey variant where physical journey, visual experience, and emotional progression align to create multidimensional transformation experience.
Symbolic Exchange System

The sequence implements multilayered symbolic exchange system:

    Fur/Scarf Exchange Symbolism
        Fur represents Katsuo's essence/identity
        Transformation into wearable object symbolizes integration into Hikari's life
        Yellow/red-pink coloration representing fire elements of kitsune nature
        Protection spell representing functional aspect beyond symbolic value

    Physical Intimacy Symbolism
        Eye contact representing soul connection beyond physical merging
        Blood observation representing transformation threshold
        Tail-holding representing acceptance of animalistic/yokai nature
        ASMR shared experience representing sensory transcendence beyond physical

    Verbal Commitment Symbolism
        "Companion" terminology connecting to mythological yokai companion traditions
        "I'll take you into my life" representing spatial/temporal integration
        "New plane of existence" representing dimensional transcendence
        "Is it real?" questioning reality boundaries fundamental to yokai narrative

The symbolic exchanges create narrative density where every object and action carries multiple meaning layers, transforming physical intimacy scene into transcendent narrative moment where human/yokai boundaries dissolve.
Yokai Visualization System

The sequence implements sophisticated emotional visualization through yokai manifestations:

    Emotional Progression Visualization
        Transition from invisible yokai (unacknowledged emotions) to visible manifestations
        Color spectrum progression (predominantly red) indicating passion/commitment
        Formation patterns (small dancing groups) representing emotional harmony
        Light integration (blue streaks weaving between) representing spiritual connection

    Environmental Manifestation
        "Thick cloud of invisible yokai, all bubbly and light, very translucent" during physical pleasure
        Increased yokai density during commitment declarations
        "Spin in choreography" reflecting emotional intensity
        "Streaks of light blue light" representing spiritual dimension of connection

    Physical Response Integration
        Katsuo's tail hairs "ruffled" with static electricity during ASMR
        "Every hair on Hikari's body resonates" with Katsuo's vocalization
        Physical body responses mirroring yokai manifestations
        Sensory experience crossing human/yokai boundary

This implementation creates unique narrative mechanic where emotional states manifest visually through yokai, allowing reader/player to perceive emotional landscape through Hikari's perception abilities rather than relying solely on character statements or conventional narrative description.
Implementation Notes

Non-Linear Intimacy Development

The implementation deliberately inverts conventional intimacy progression:

    Emotional → Physical → Verbal Sequence
        Emotional connection established through perception sharing
        Physical intimacy following as expression of established connection
        Verbal commitment finalizing already-formed bond

    Advantages Over Linear Progression
        Avoids predictable build patterns common in visual novels
        Creates narrative surprise through emotional depth preceding verbal confirmation
        Implements more accurate psychological intimacy formation pattern

    Player Experience Benefits
        Creates emotional investment through observation before declaration
        Provides satisfying narrative resolution to previously established tensions
        Elevates scene beyond conventional romance formula

Sensory Experience Prioritization

The implementation foregrounds sensory experience over explicit mechanics:

    Multisensory Focus
        Visual elements (eye contact, yokai manifestations)
        Tactile elements (fur texture, physical contact)
        Auditory elements (Kitsune-like groan)
        ASMR implementation creating neurological response connection

    Reader/Player Immersion Benefits
        Creates embodied reading experience through sensory invocation
        Elevates intimacy sequence beyond physical mechanics to experiential level
        Implements unique ASMR factor rarely utilized in visual novels

    Content Adaptability Advantages
        Creates intimate experience without relying solely on explicit detail
        Maintains emotional impact regardless of content variable settings
        Creates implementation flexibility across publishing platforms

Cultural Integration Implementation

The sequence integrates sophisticated cultural elements:

    Kitsune Mythology Integration
        Fur-gift tradition connected to broader yokai mythology
        Protection spell creation reflecting authentic folklore elements
        Physical manifestations (tail behavior) based on traditional representations

    Contemporary ASMR Integration
        Links traditional yokai experience to modern neurological phenomenon
        Creates connection between ancient tradition and contemporary experience
        Implements shared physiological response that bridges human/yokai divide

    Relationship Power Dynamics
        Balanced exchange system reflecting Japanese gift culture
        Commitment structure incorporating cultural guardianship concepts
        Privacy behaviors reflecting traditional Japanese intimacy frameworks

Technical Advantages

Content Variable Implementation Flexibility

The sequence structure creates significant technical advantages for content variable implementation:

    Emotional Core Preservation
        Core emotional journey maintains integrity regardless of content detail level
        Yokai visualization system provides alternative emotional representation
        Dialogue exchanges contain complete character development even without explicit content

    Detail Scaling Architecture
        Implementation allows scaling detail level based on content variables
        Emotional meaning preserved even with reduced physical description
        Symbolic exchanges maintain narrative significance across content settings

    Distribution Strategy Support
        Base emotional connection established in main distribution version
        Extended intimate detail implementable through patch system
        Player preference accommodation without narrative compromise

Yokai Visualization Technical Implementation

The yokai visualization system creates unique technical advantages:

    Emotional State Externalization
        Complex emotional states visualized through established mechanic
        Player understanding enhanced through consistent system application
        Abstract emotions given concrete representation

    Character Development Visualization
        Relationship progression made visible through yokai density/behavior
        Character emotional changes manifested through consistent visual system
        Unspoken feelings given tangible representation

    Spiritual Dimension Integration
        Transcendent aspects of relationship visualized through yokai behavior
        Connection between physical and spiritual domains made visible
        Character growth demonstrated through yokai response patterns

Player Agency Maintenance

Despite being a linear sequence, the implementation maintains player agency through:

    Observation Engagement
        "No choice but to admire" becomes active participation through detail density
        Player attention directed to transformation elements
        Observation becomes active rather than passive experience

    Predictive Fulfillment
        Scene fulfills player investment from previous choices
        Represents culmination of player-directed relationship development
        Satisfies narrative expectations established through player choices

    Emotional Investment Return
        Scene provides emotional payoff for previous player investment
        Creates satisfying narrative conclusion to player-directed journey
        Establishes foundation for subsequent gameplay with transformed relationship dynamic

The implementation creates sophisticated balance between predetermined narrative sequence and player emotional investment, transforming seemingly linear sequence into fulfillment of player-directed narrative development.
